Insert file Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Insert file 3.txt.


First perspective.

Start story titled "The Alcalde of Zalomea by Calderon".

Captain is a person.
Pedro is a person.
Isabel is a woman.
Huan is a person.
Huan is Isabel's brother.
Lope is a person.

Pedro is not noble because Pedro is a peasant.
Pedro loves Isabel. // because Isabel is Pedro's daughter.
Soldiers are persons.

A regiment comes to the village.
Pedro has to house Captain.
Captain is noble because he is an officer.
Pedro is hospitable because Captain is noble.

Captain tries to seduce Isabel because Isabel is beautiful.
Captain fails because Isabel is proud.

Lope is an officer and Lope comes to the village.
Captain tries to seduce Isabel again but Captain fails.
Captain angers Lope because Captain tries to seduce Isabel.
Lope sends Captain away because Captain angers Lope.
Captain obeys the order.
Then, Captain returns secretly. 

Captain kidnaps Isabel.

Pedro sees that Captain kidnaps Isabel.
Pedro chases Captain because Captain kidnaps Isabel.
Soldiers tie Pedro to a tree because Pedro chases Captain.

Captain hurts Isabel because Captain rapes Isabel.

Huan fights Captain because Captain rapes Isabel.
Huan wounds Captain.
Soldiers pursue Huan because Huan fights Captain.
Huan flees because Soldiers pursue Captain.

Captain abandons Isabel and Isabel unties Pedro.
Isabel tells Pedro everything.
Pedro believes that Captain transgressed because Captain hurts Isabel.
Pedro and Isabel go home.
Pedro and Isabel meet a peasant.
A peasant tells Pedro that Pedro has been elected.
Pedro is a new judge.

Wounded Captain returns to the village to recover.
Pedro pursues Captain because Pedro believes that Captain transgressed.
Pedro begs Captain to marry Isabel.
Captain refuses to marry Isabel because Captain is nobel and because Isabel is not noble.
Then, Pedro arrests Captain and Pedro kills Captain because Pedro pursues Captain.
Pedro hurts Captain because Pedro kills Captain.
//Then, Pedro slew Captain because Pedro pursues Captain. // and because Perdro is afraid of injustice.

The end.

Second perspective.

Start story titled "Colomba by Merime".

//Colomba is Colomba
//Patrick is Barrachini
//Orso is Orso

Colomba is a woman.
Patrick is a man.
Orso is a man.
Colonel is a person.
Orso is Colomba's brother.

Colomba loves Colonel because Colonel is Colomba's father.

Patrick hurt Colonel because Patrick killed Colonel.


Colomba believes that Patrick transgressed because Patrick hurt Colonel.

Colomba sues Patrick because Colomba believes that Patrick transgressed.

Colomba loses court.

Colomba pursues Patrick because Colomba believes that Patrick transgressed.
Colomba unleashes vendetta because Colomba pursues Patrick.
Orso fights Patrick's sons because Colomba unleashes vendetta.
Colomba hurts Patrick because Orso fights Patrick's sons.


Patrick becomes insane because Orso kills Patrick's sons.
Patrick confesses that he killed Colonel.

The end.
