Insert file Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Start commonsense knowledge.

xx pursues yy because xx chases yy.
xx kills yy because xx pursues yy.
xx hurts yy because xx kills yy.  

yy hurts xx because xx believes that yy deceives xx.
xx may believe that yy transgressed because yy hurts xx.
xx hurts yy because xx blackens yy.

xx hurts yy because xx knows that yy is innocent and xx charges yy.

xx may pursue yy because xx believes that yy transgressed.

Insert file 3.txt.

First perspective.

Start story titled "Jack the Ripper by Xavier Bertrand et al".

Women are an entity.
Jack is a person.
Jack believes that women deceive Jack because a woman deceives Jack.
Jack chases women because Jack believes that women transgressed.
Jack kills women because Jack believes that women transgressed.
Jack is never caught.

The end.

Second perspective.

Start story titled "Count Monte-Cristo".

Dantes is a person.
Villefort is a person.
Fernand is a person.
Mercedes is a person.
Danglars is a person.
Villefort is a person.

Dantes is a sailor. Dantes loves Mercedes because she is beautiful. Dantes wants to marry Mercedes because Dantes loves her.
//Fernand loves Mercedes but Mercedes loves Dantes.
//Fernand envies Dantes because Mercedes loves Dantes.

Danglars fears Dantes because Dantes suspects Danglars in fraud.

//Fernand and Danglars plot against Dantes because Fernand envies Dantes and because Danglars fears Dantes. 
Fernand blackens Dantes because Fernand loves Mercedes and because Mercedes loves Dantes.
Danglars blackens Dantes because Danglars fears Dantes.
Dantes is arrested because Danglars blakens Dantes and because Fernand blackens Dantes.
Villefor is a judge.
Villefor knows that Dantes is innocent.
Villefor charges Dantes because Villefor fears consequences of discharge.
Villefor imprisons Dantes.

Dantes spends years imprisoned.
Other prisoner tells Dantes about the treasure.
Dantes escapes from prison and Dantes finds the treasure.
Dantes is rich.

Noone recognizes Dantes.
Dantes discovers truth about his arrest because Dantes investigates.

Dantes pursues Villefor because Dantes believes that Villefor transgressed.
Dantes pursues Fernand because Dantes believes that Fernand transgressed. 
Dantes pursues Danglars because Dantes believes that Danglars transgressed.
Dantes hurts Villefor because Dantes pursues Villefor.
Dantes hurts Fernand because Dantes pursues Fernand.
Dantes hurts Danglars because Dantes pursues Danglars.
//Dantes hurts Villefor.
//Dantes hurts Danglars.
Fernand kills himself because Dantes hurts Fernand.
Villefor becomes insane because Dantes hurts Villefor.
Danglars loses money because Dantes hurts Danglars. 

The end.

