Insert file Start experiment.

Show both perspectives.

Both perspectives. 
//Start commonsense knowledge.

//if xx shows disrespect to yy and yy is a deity then xx commits act against religion. 
Insert file 31.txt.

First perspective.

Start story titled "Niobe by Sophocles".


Niobe is a person and Niobe is mortal.
Leto is a deity.
Niobe's daughters are persons.
Niobe's sons are persons.

Niobe thinks that Niobe is more fertile than Leto because Niobe has fourteen children and because Leto has only two children.
Niobe loves Niobe's daughters and Niobe loves Niobe's sons.
Niobe says that Niobe is more fertile than Leto because Niobe thinks that Niobe is more fertile than Leto.	 
Niobe shows disrespect to Leto because Niobe says that Niobe is more fertile than Leto.

Apollo is an entity.
Apollo is a deity and Apollo is Leto's son.
Artemis is a deity and Artemis is Leto's daughter.

Apollo kills Niobe's sons because Niobe shows disrespect to Leto and because Apollo is Leto's son.
Niobe sees how Apollo kills Niobe's sons.
Artemis kills Niobe's daughters because Niobe shows disrespect to Leto and because Artemis is Leto's daughter.
Niobe sees how Artemis kills Niobe's daughters.
Niobe is powerless to help Niobe's sons because Apollo is a deity and because Niobe is mortal.
Niobe is powerless to help Niobe's daughters because Artemis is a deity and Niobe is mortal.
Niobe turns into stone because Artemis kills Niobe's daughters and because Apollo kills Niobe's sons. //and because Niobe's daughters are dead.
Niobe is hurt because Niobe turns into stone.
  
The end.


Second perspective.

Start story titled "Ajax Locrian".

Ajax is a person and Ajax is mortal.
Troy is a city.
After Troy's falling Ajax goes home by ship.

Athena is a deity.
Athena dislikes Ajax because Ajax raped a girl in Athena's temple.
Athena strikes Ajax's ship with lightning because Athena dislikes Ajax.
Ajax suffers shipwreck because Athena strikes Ajax's ship with lightning.
Ajax survives because Ajax clings to the cliff.

Ajax shows disrespect to Athena because Ajax claims that Ajax survives despite Athena's will.
Poseidon is a deity.
Poseidon destroys the cliff because Ajax shows disrespect to Athena.
Ajax dies because Poseidon destroys the cliff.
Ajax is hurt because Ajax dies. 

The end.