Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Insert file 29.txt.

First perspective.

Start story titled "The Broken Heart by John Ford".

Note that Penthea is a name.
Note that Ithocles is a name.
Note that Orgilus is a name.
Note that Bassanes is a name.
Note that Calantha is a name.

Calantha is a person.
Penthea is a person.
Ithocles is a person.
Orgilus is a person.
Bassanes is a person.

Calantha and Penthea are princesses of Sparta.
Ithocles is Penthea's brother therefore Ithocles is Penthea's relative.
Ithocles is close to Penthea because Ithocles is Penthea's relative.

Orgilus intends to marry Penthea because Orgilus loves Penthea. Penthea loves Orgilus too.
Ithocles is a general; Ithocles is proud.
Ithocles hates Orgilus because Orgilus is not noble enough.
Bassanas marries Penthea because Ithocles insists that Penthea become Bassanas's wife.

Orgilus pretends to leave Sparta but Orgilus stays in Sparta.

Ithocles wins the battle. Ithocles understands that Ithocles was unfair to Penthea.
Ithocles proposes Calantha.

Bassanas is cruel; Penthea is unhappy; Penthea starves herself to death; Orgilus traps Ithocles and kills Ithocles.

Calantha dances at banquet. 
Calantha keeps dancing as Calantha is reported that Calantha's father is dead, Ithocles is dead, Penthea is dead.
Calantha finishes the dance. Calantha names her successor. Calantha dies because Calantha's heart is broken.


The end.

Second perspective.

Start story titled "The Dutchess of Malfi".

Note that Dutchess is a name.
Note that Antonio is a name.
Note that Ferdinand is a name.

Dutchess is a person.
Antonio is a person.
Ferdinand is a person.

Dutchess is a widow.
Antonio is a lowly steward.
Dutchess falls in love with Antonio. Antonio loves Dutchess.
Ferdinand is Dutchess's brother therefore Ferdinand is Dutchess's relative.
Ferdinand is close to Dutchess because Ferdinand is Dutchess's relative.
 
Ferdinand and other Dutchess's brothers do not want to share inheritance.
Ferdinand and other Dutchess's brothers forbid Dutchess to remarry.
Dutchess marries Antonio in secret because Dutchess loves Antonio.

Ferdinnad is lunatic. Ferdinand hates Antonio; Ferdinand threatens Dutchess and Ferdinand disowns Dutchess.
Dutchess attempts to escape because Ferdinand threatens her.
However, Dutchess is caught. Antonio manages to escape.
Dutchess is killed.  
Antonio is killed by mistake.
Ferdinand and his brother stab each other.

The end.