Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Insert file 29.txt.

First perspective.

Start story titled "Le Sid by Pierre Cornel".

Note that Himena is a name.
Note that Rodrigo is a name.
Note that Don Diego is a name.
Note that Count Gormas is a name. 
Note that Sancho is a name.
Note that Ferdinand is a name.

Himena, Rodrigo, Don Diego, Count Gormas and Sancho are persons.
Ferdinand is a person.


Count Gormas is dear to Himena because Count Gormas is Himena's father.
Himena loves Rodrigo.
Rodrigo loves Himena and Sancho loves Himena.
Count Gormas prefers Rodrigo.

Don Diego is Rodrigo's father.

Ferdinand is a king.
Count Gormas and Don Diego are Ferdinand's grands.
Count Gormas is still a warrior. Don Diego is old.
Ferdinand needs a mentor for his son.
Ferdinand prefers Don Diego because Don Diego is wise.
Count Gormas is offended because Ferdinand prefers Don Diego.
Don Diego thinks that Ferdinand made a wise decision because Ferdinand prefers Don Diego.
Don Diego argues with Count Gormas because Count Gormas is offended and because Ferdinand prefers Don Diego.
Count Gormas slaps Don Diego because Don Diego argues with Count Gormas. 
Don Diego tries to fight Count Gormas because Count Gormas slaps Don Diego.
Count Gormas disarms Don Diego. Count Gormas does not fight Don Diego because Don DIego is old.
Don Diego is dishonored because Count Gormas disarms DOn Diego and because Count Gormas slaps Don Diego.
Don Diego asks Rodrigo to fight COunt Gormas; Rodrigo kills count Gormas; Himena thinks that Rodrigo kills Count Gormas.
Rodrigo wins a battle for Ferdinand; Ferdinand likes Rodrigo.
Himena asks Ferdinand for justice because Rodrigo kills Count Gormas.
Sancho will fight Rodrigo because Himena asks Ferdinand for justice.
Ferdinand states that winner will marry Himena because Ferdinand likes Rodrigo.
Sancho fights Rodrigo.
Rodrigo wins; Himena is not dishonored anymore; Rodrigo will become Himena's husband.
 

The end.

Second perspective.

Start story titled "La reine flammette".

Note that Orlanda is a name.
Note that Pope is a name.
Note that Lutherans is a name.
Note that Cardinal is a name.
Note that Daniel is a name.

Orlanda is a person.
Lutherans are persons.
Pope is a person.
Daniel is a person.

Cardinal is Pope's nephew.
Orlanda is a queen of Bologna.
Orlanda is sympathetic to Lutherans; Cardinal wants Orlanda to die; Cardinal plots Orlanda's assasination.
Orlanda will die after convent.

Daniel loves Daniel's brother; Daniel's brother is dear to Daniel.
Daniel is pious; Daniel is submissive to Cardinal.
Cardinal asks Daniel to kill Orlanda. Daniel rebels; Cardinal tells Daniel that Orlanda kills his brother; Daniel thinks that Orlanda kills Daniel's brother; Daniel agrees to kill Orlanda.

Orlanda disguises. Orlanda meets Daniel.
Orlanda loves Daniel and Daniel loves Orlanda.
Daniel does not know that he has to kill Orlanda.
Daniel knows Orlanda as Helena.
Daniel tells Orlanda that Daniel will kill the queen.

The hour has struck.
Daniel drops the dagger; Daniel recognizes Orlanda; Daniel can not kill Orlanda.
Cardinal throws Daniel to prison.
Orlanda abdicates to save Daniel.
Cardinal prosecutes Daniel and Orlanda.


The end.