Insert file Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Insert file 1.txt.

Start commonsense knowledge.

if yy is a princess then yy is mighty.
if xx suffered a shipwreck then situation troubles xx.
if yy terrifies xx then yy upsets xx.
if yy abandons xx and xx is sick then yy upsets xx.
xx may help yy because yy asks xx to help yy.


First perspective.

Start story titled "Philoctetes by Sophocles Act I".

Note that Hercules's_bow is a name.

Philoctetes is a person.
Troy is a place.

Hercules's_bow is an object.
Odysseus is a person. 
Neoptolem is a person.
Greeks are persons.

Odysseus and Greeks want to occupy Troy; Odysseus and Greeks travel with Philoctetes.
Philoctetes becomes sick because Philoctetes gets bitten.

Philoctetes suffers because Odysseus and Greeks abandon Philoctetes and Philoctetes is sick.

Philoctetes is stuck on the island for 10 years.
Meanwhile, Odysseus and Greeks tried to siege Troy.
Odysseus and Greeks failed to occupy Troy.
Neoptolem also wants to occupy Troy.
Philoctetes is mighty because Philoctetes owns Hercules's_bow; Foreteller tells Odysseus that Odysseus can not occupy Troy without Philoctetes; Odysseus wants Philoctetes to help Odysseus; Odysseus and Neoptolem come to the island.
Philoctetes does not plan to help Greeks because Greeks upset Philoctetes.
Odysseus and Neoptolem want to lure Philoctetes to Troy because Odysseus wants Philoctetes to help Greeks and because Neoptolem wants Philoctetes to help Greeks.
Odysseus wants Hercules's_bow and Neoptolem wants Hercules's_bow because Odysseus and Neoptolem want to lure Philoctetes to Troy.

Odysseus fears Philoctetes because Philoctetes is mighty and because Odysseus upsets Philoctetes.
Neoptolem doesn't want to trick Philoctetes but Odysseus persuades Neoptolem to trick Philoctetes.
Odysseus persuades Neoptolem to trick Philoctetes because Odysseus fears Philoctetes.

In order to trick Philoctetes Neoptolem lies to Philoctetes.
Philoctetes likes Neoptolem because Neoptolem lies to Philoctetes.
Philoctetes is not alert because Philoctetes likes Neoptolem.
Philoctetes falls asleep.
Neoptolem obtains Hercules's_bow because Philoctetes is not alert.

Philoctetes understands that Neoptolem tricked Philoctetes; Philoctetes curses Neoptolem.

Neoptolem asks Philoctetes to help Greeks. Philoctetes refuses.
Neoptolem feels bad because Neoptolem lies to Philoctetes.
Neoptolem returns Hercules's_bow to Philoctetes because Neoptolem feels bad.
Neoptolem asks Philoctetes to help Greeks again. Philoctetes refuses again.

Hercules appears.
Hercules proclaims divine will.
Hercules asks Philoctetes to help Greeks.


Philoctetes helps Odysseus and Greeks.

The end.


Second perspective.


Start story titled "Odysseus & Navsicaa by Sophocles".

Odysseus is a man.
Navsicaa is a woman.
Athena is a deity.
Scheria is an island.

Odysseus suffered shipwreck.
Waves bring Odysseus to Scheria.
Odysseus is naked and alone and tired because he suffered a shipwreck.
Odysseus falls asleep at the shore because Odysseus is tired.


Navsicaa is a princess.
Athena sends Navsicaa to the shore because Odysseus needs help and Athena wants Navsicaa to help Odysseus. 
Navsicaa meets Odysseus because Navsicaa goes to the shore.
Odysseus wakes up.
Odysseus terrifies Navsicaa because Odysseus looks horrible.
Navsicaa does not plan to help Odysseus because Odysseus upsets Navsicaa.
Situation troubles Odysseus; Odysseus asks Navsicaa to help Odysseus; Navsicaa helps Odysseus.


The end.
