Insert file Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Insert file 1.txt.

Start commonsense knowledge.

xx, yy and zz are entities.
if yy chases xx then yy troubles xx.
if yy is a king of Argos then yy is mighty.
if xx troubles yy and zz fights xx then zz helps yy.



First perspective.

Start story titled "The Supplicants by Aeschylus".

Danaids are persons.
Egyptians are persons.
Pelasgus is a person.
Hypermnestra is a woman.
Argos is a place.
Lynceus is a person.
Afrodita is a deity.


Egyptians propose Danaids because Danaids are beautiful.
Danaids reject Egyptians because Danaids dislike Egyptians.
Egyptians attack Danaids because Danaids reject Egyptians.
Egyptians chases Danaids.
Danaids flee.
Danaids come to Argos.
Pelasgus is the king of Argos.
Pelasgus does not plan to help Danaids. 
Danaids ask Pelasgus to help Danaids.
Pelasgus asks people for advice because Pelasgus doubts.
Pelasgus helps Danaids because people persuade him to help Danaids.
Egyptians attack Pelasgus because Pelasgus helps Danaids.
Danaids marry Egyptians because Egyptians defeat Pelasgus.
Then, Danaids kill Egyptians while Egyptians sleep because Danaids plotted against Egyptians.

Hypermnestra is one of the Danaids.
Lynceus is one of the Egyptians.
Lynceus is Hypermnestra's husband.
Hypermnestra does not kill Lynceus because she likes Lynceus.
People judge Hypermnestra because Hypermnestra does not kill Lynceus.
Afrodita does not plan to help Hypermnestra because Hypermnestra does not ask Afrodita to help Hypermnestra.
Hypermnestra does not ask Afrodita to help Hypermnestra but Afrodita helps Hypermnestra.
People discharge Hypermnestra because Afrodita helps Hypermnestra.
Lynceus and Hypermnestra are happy because people discharge Hypermnestra.

The end.

Second perspective.

Start story titled "Chryses by Sophocles".

Chryses is a person.
Chryseis is a person.
Orest and Pilad are persons.
Agamemnon is a person.
Apollo is a deity.
Thoas is a person.

Chryses is Agamemnon's son.
Chryseis is Chryses's mother.
Chryseis claims that Chryses is Apollo's son.
Chryses is mighty.

Orest and Pilad are Agamemnon's relatives.
Orest and Pilad go to Crimea.
Thaos is the king of Crimea.
Orest and Pilad commit theft.

Thaos is angry because Orest and Pilad steal statue.
Thaos chases Orest and Pilad.

Orest and Pilad ask Chryses to help Orest and Pilad.
Chryses does not plan to help Orest and Pilad.

Chryseis tells Chryses that Orest and Pilad are Chryses's relatives because Chryseis wants to help Orest and Pilad.

Thaos dies because Chryses fights Thaos.
Orest and Pilad are relieved because Thaos dies.



The end.
