Insert file Start experiment.

Set right panel to mental models.

Set bottom panel to elaboration graph.



Start common sense knowledge.

//"Virtuous" is a kind of character trait.
"Wicked" is a kind of character trait.
//"Typical" is a kind of character trait.

Elspeth, Raphael, Holly, and Cuthbert are persons.

If Raphael is the parent of Cuthbert, then Raphael is a legal guardian of Cuthbert.
// exception: loss of custody

If Raphael is the legal guardian of Cuthbert then Raphael has authority over Cuthbert.

If Elspeth is married to Raphael and Raphael is a legal guardian of Cuthbert, then Elspeth is a legal guardian of Cuthbert.

If Elspeth is Raphael's wife then Elspeth is married to Raphael.
If Elspeth is Raphael's wife then Raphael is married to Elspeth.


If Raphael is Cuthbert's father, then Raphael is a parent of Cuthbert.
If Elspeth is Cuthbert's mother, then Elspeth is a parent of Cuthbert.

// If Raphael is Cuthbert's father and Elspeth is Cuthbert's mother, then Raphael and Elspeth may be married.

// Raphael may harm Elspeth because Cuthbert prevents Raphael from harming Elspeth and Cuthbert is dead.

// Raphael may want to marry Holly because Raphael married Elspeth and Elspeth is dead.


// Only people can do these things.
xx is an anything.
yy is an anything.
If xx is the parent of yy, then xx is a person and yy is a person.
If xx marries yy, then xx is a person and yy is a person.


If Raphael dies then Raphael is dead.
If Raphael is dead, then Raphael is not unhappy.
Raphael may marry Elspeth because Raphael loves Elspeth.
If Raphael is married to Elspeth then Raphael loves Elspeth.
If Raphael loves Elspeth and Elspeth is dead then Raphael is bereaved.
If Raphael is bereaved then Raphael is unhappy.
If Raphael is married to Elspeth and Raphael is wicked then Raphael is not unhappy.


Start description of "Socially aberrant action"
xx is a person.
yy is an anything.

xx should not yy.
xx does yy.

Start description of "Socially aberrant inaction"
xx is a person.
yy is an anything.

xx should yy.
xx does not yy.

Start description of "Neglectful guardian"
// cinderella, matilida, harry potter, unfortunate events

xx is a person.
yy is a person.

xx is the legal guardian of yy.
xx deliberately harms yy.
The end.





//Both perspectives.

Show first perspective.


First perspective.

Start story titled "Cinderella".

//Second perspective.

//Start story titled "Macbeth/without traits".

//Both Perspectives.

Magnus is Cinderella's father.
Lily is Cinderella's mother.

Lily dies.
Mangus is unhappy.
Mangus marries Stepmother.
Stepmother is wicked.
Magnus dies.
Stepmother intentionally harms Cinderella.
The end.

