Insert file Macbeth preface.

// New blip for character modelling in preface

Macbeth is a thane and Macduff is a thane.

Lady Macbeth is evil and greedy.

Duncan is the king, and Macbeth is Duncan's successor.

Duncan is an enemy of Cawdor.

Macduff is an enemy of Cawdor.

Duncan is Macduff's friend.

Macbeth defeated Cawdor.

Duncan becomes happy because Macbeth defeated Cawdor.

The witches danced and had visions.

Macbeth talks with the witches.

The witches predicted that Macbeth will become king.

The witches astonish Macbeth.

Duncan executes Cawdor.

Macbeth becomes Thane of Cawdor.

Duncan rewarded Macbeth because Duncan became happy.

// Lady Macbeth persuaded Macbeth to want to become the king because Lady Macbeth is greedy.

Macbeth wants to become king because Lady Macbeth persuaded Macbeth to want to become the king.

Macbeth invites Duncan to dinner.

Duncan complements Macbeth.

Duncan goes to bed.

Duncan's guards become drunk and sleep.

In order to murder Duncan, Macbeth murders the guards and Macbeth stabs Duncan.

// Macbeth murders Duncan.

// Macbeth murders guards.

Mabeth becomes king.

Malcolm and Donalbain flee.

Macbeth's murdering Duncan leads to Macduff's fleeing to England.

In order to flee to England, Macduff rides to the coast and Macduff sails on a ship.

Then, Macduff's fleeing to England leads to Macbeth's murdering Lady Macduff.

// Then, Macbeth murders Lady Macduff.

Macbeth hallucinates at a dinner.

Lady Macbeth says he hallucinates often.

Everyone leaves because Lady Macbeth tells everyone to leave.

Macbeth's murdering Duncan leads to Lady Macbeth's becoming distraught.

Lady Macbeth has bad dreams.

Lady Macbeth thinks she has blood on her hands.

Lady Macbeth kills herself.

// Witches predicted that Birnam Wood would go to Dunsinane.

Birham Wood is a forest.

Burnham Wood goes to Dunsinane.

Macduff's army attacks Dunsinane.

Macduff curses Macbeth.

Macbeth refuses to surrender.

Macduff kills Macbeth.

// Witches predict that Burnam Wood would go to Dunsinane before Burnam Wood went to Dunsinane.

The end.





