// Start story titled "Anansi deceives Snake".

Snake and Anansi are persons. 

/*

Lizard is a friend of Snake. 

Anansi wants to be a ruler because Anansi is a weak person.

Snake is smart. 

If anansi captures Snake, Anansi becomes a ruler. 

Anansi wants to capture Snake.


// Snake is predictable and does the same thing at the same time every day. 

Anansi tries to catch Snake with food.

Anansi tries to catch Snake with hidden trap.

Anansi waits quietly.

Anansi does not notice that Lizard is asleep near the trap. 



Lizard tells Snake about the trap.

Snake defeats the trap. 



// Anansi continues to think how to catch Snake. 

// Anansi thinks about how to catch Snake. 

// Anansi tries again enticing/ luring Snake with food he knows Snake likes and hidden traps. 

Anansi tries again enticing Snake with food and hidden traps. 



If Snake gets trapped Snake wouldn't get free. 

*/

// Snake sees trap and secures himself then takes food. 

Snake sees trap and secures himself and then takes food. 



Snake is not caught. 



Anansi loses again. 

/*

Anansi thinks about how to catch Snake. 

Anansi fears embarrassment and shame from others. 

Anansi gave up. 

Anansi is ashamed and hides from Snake. 

Snake sees Anansi and calls him. 



Snake is angry and threatens to kill Anansi. 

Snake knows Anansi is trying to catch him. 

Lizard told Snake. 

Anansi begs for forgiveness, confesses, and tells Snake he is very clever. 

Anansi tells Snake he (Snake) is too smart for him. 



Anansi flatters Snake telling him he is the tallest person in the world, taller than the
nearby tree. 

Snake is excited and agrees. 

Snake displays how tall he is to Anansi. 

Anansi agrees he is very tall. 

Anansi tells Snake the tree is just a little taller than Snake. 



Anansi gives up and admits defeat. 

Snake demands that Anansi measure him because Snake is sure he is taller than the tree.

Snake tells Anansi he has not lost, but instead won. 

Anansi cuts down tallest tree to compare with Snake. 

Snake is impatient. 

Anansi continues to tell Snake he is very tall. 

Anansi assures Snake comparison must be done correctly. 

Anansi suggests a way to measure and wishes he had help. 

Snake makes suggestion for correct measuring an ties himself to the tree. 

Anansi ties one end of Snake to tree and encourages him to stretch. 



Snake tries and stretches as hard as he could. 

Anansi compliments Snake and ties his middle to the tree. 

Anansi says one more try and Snake will prove he is tallest. 

Anansi has gained Snakes trust and tells him to rest. 

He tells Snake he knows he can do it. 



Snake gives all he could and stretches to be taller than the tree. 

Anansi ties Snake’s entire body to the tree and captures him. 



Anansi captures Snake.

Anansi becomes the ruler.

The end.

*/





