//Hello, Patrick

Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

ee is an entity. tt is an entity.
if ee kills tt with an arrow, then tt dies.

Start description of "Abduction-C".

xx is an entity.
zz is an entity.
yy is a woman.


yy is intimate with zz.

xx kidnaps yy.

Sometimes, xx kidnaps yy because xx wants yy.
Sometimes, xx's kidnapping yy leads to zz's killing xx.

zz recaptures yy.

The end.

First perspective.

Start story titled "Ravana kidnaps Sita (story from Ramayana)".

Note that Sita is a name.
Note that Ravana is a name.
Note that Ramachandra is a name.
Note that Jatau is a name.
Note that Lanka is a name.

Ramachandra is a deity.
Sita is a woman.
Sita is intimate with Ramachandra because Sita is Ramachandra's wife.

Ravana is a demon. Ravana has ten heads.

Ravana hears of Sita's beauty; Ravana wants Sita; Ravana kidnaps Sita.
In order to kidnap Sita Ravana sends golden deer and distracts Ramachandra.

Ramachandra returns home.
Ramachandra sees that Sita is missing; Ramachandra becomes sad.

Jatau is a huge bird.
Jatau stops Ravana; Ravana defeats Jatau and cuts off Jatau's wing. 
Ramachandra looks for Sita. Ramachandra meets Jatau. Jatau tells Ramachandra that Ravana kidnaps Sita.
Ravana angers Ramachandra because Ravana kidnaps Sita. 

Lanka is a place. 
Ramachandra thinks that Sita is in Lanka because Jatau tells Ramachandra that Ravana kidnaps Sita and because Lanka is Ravana's kingdom.
Ramachandra wants to get to Lanka because Ramachandra thinks that Sita is in Lanka. 
Lanka is across the ocean.
Ramachandra allies with monkeys because Ramachandra wants to get to Lanka.
In order to get to Lanka Ramachandra and monkeys build a bridge.
Monkeys ruin towers, buildings and roads; Monkeys devastate Lanka. 
Ramachandra and monkeys fight Ravana's army.
Ravana is cursed because Sita angers Ravana.
Ramachandra and monkeys defeat Ravana's army because Ravana is cursed.
Ramachandra kills Ravana with an arrow because Ravana angers Ramachandra.
Ravana dies therefore Ramachandra recaptures Sita.

The end.

Second perspective.


Start story titled "Elena by Euripidus".

Note that Elena is a name.
Note that Hera is a name.
Note that Menelay is a name.
Note that Paris is a name.
Note that Proteus is a name.
Note that Pheoklimen is a name.

Paris is a person.
Menelay is a person.
Proteus is a person.
Pheoklimen is a person.

Elena is a woman.


Elena is intimate with Menelay because Elena is Menelay's wife.

Paris kidnaps Elena's shadow and takes it to Troy; Menelay thinks Elena is in Troy; Menelay goes to Troy.
Hera is deity.

Hera kidnaps Elena. 

Hera takes Elena to Egypt. 
Proteus is a king of Egypt.
Hera gives Elena to Proteus.
Pheoklimen is Proteus's son.
Pheoklimen wants to marry Elena because Elena is beautiful.
Elena rejects Pheoklimen because Elena is Menelay's wife and because Elena is intimate with Menelay.

Meanwhile, Troy has fallen; Menelay heads home.
Menelay suffers shipwreck near Egypt; Menelay, Elena's shadow and Menelay's friends are in Egypt; Menelay sees Elena.
In order to escape Elena asks Pheoklimen to perform Greek ceremony and promises to marry Pheoklimen.
Pheoklimen gives Elena a boat because Greek ceremony require a boat and because Elena asks Pheoklimen to perform Greek ceremony.  

Menelay and Menelay's friends hijack the boat; Elena, Menelay and Menelay's friends escape; Menelay and Elena are free; Menelay recaptures Elena.

The end.

