Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.
Insert file 8.txt.
First perspective.

Start story titled "Germinal by Zola".

Etienne is a person.
Etienne is hard-working, Etienne is an idealist, Etienne is naive and young.

Etienne is fired because he assaulted a superior.
Etienne arrives to a miner town because Etienne wants to work as a miner.
Etienne's reading literature leads to Etienne's embracing socialist principles.

Maheu is a person. Maheu is a miner.
Catherine is a person. Catherine is Maheu's daughter. 
Etienne falls in love with Catherine.

Miners are a large group of people.
Miners live in poverty and Miners live in oppression; Miners decide to strike; Miners revolt against authorities.
Etienne becomes the leader of the revolt because Etienne is recognized as political idealist.
Police and army confront miners; authorities repress the revolt; Miners lose illusions; Miners go back to work; Miners blame Etienne.

The end.

Second perspective.

Start story titled "William Tell by Schiller".

Note that William Tell is a name.
William Tell is a person. William Tell is an obscure huntsman.

Gessler is a person.
Gessler is the Governor and a tyrant; Gessler is an authority.

Ulrich is a person.
Ulrich is a baron and Ulrich is a friend of peasants.

Peasants are a large group of people.

William Tell thinks that Gessler is bloodthirsty; Peasants share William Tell's opinion.
 
Gessler fills jails and builds new prison.
Gessler commands everyone to bow to new prison and threats peasants with death.

Peasants prepare rebellion because Gessler is bloodthirsty and because Gessler is tyrant.
William Tell does not join the rebellion but promises to help.

Walter is a person. Walter is William Tell's son.
William Tell and Walter pass the new prison. William Tell doesn't bow; guard arrests William Tell.

Gessler and his hunting party pass the prison. Gessler questions William Tell. 
William Tell apologizes.
Gessler heard that William Tell is good bowsman.
In order to challenge William Tell Gessler places apple on Walter's head and makes William Tell shoot at the apple.
Gessler angers Ulrich because Gessler challenges William Tell.
William Tell hits the apple. Gessler notices that William Tell took two arrows; Gessler asks William Tell about second arrow.
William Tell says second arrow is for Gessler; Gessler tries to imprison William Tell.
William Tell escapes.

Ulrich provokes peasants because Gessler angers Ulrich. 
Peasants revolt against Gessler because Ulrich provokes peasants. 
Peasants kill Gessler and tear down prisons.

The end.

