Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.

Both perspectives.

Insert file 36.txt.

First perspective.
Start story titled "Intruder by Maeterlinck".

Grandfather, Father, Uncle are persons.
Daughters are persons.
Grandfather's daughter is a person.

Family is Grandfather, Father, Uncle and Daughters.
Grandfather is blind.

Family sits in the livingroom.

Grandfather's daughter lies in the next room.
Grandfather's daughter is sick therefore The sister of mercy watches over her. 
Grandfather loves Grandfather's daughter.

Family is waiting for the relative to come over.

Grandfather worries about his daughter because birds don't sing. 

There are footsteps on the stairs but it is not the relative.
Grandfather worries about his daughter because there are footsteps on the stairs.

Grandfather worries about his daughter because scythe clanks.

Grandfather doesn't have obvious reason to worry about his daughter so much.

Clock strike midnight.
Sister of Mercy announces that Grandfather's daughter dies because Grandfather's daughter dies.

The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Seven princesses by Maeterlinck".

Note that Ursula is a name.
Note that Old_Queen is a name.

Old_Queen is a person.
Ursula is a person.
Prince is a person.
King is a person.
Princesses are persons.
Ursula is one of Princesses.

Old_Queen and king are standing on the terrace. 
Prince comes back from long journey; Old_Queen and King greet Prince.
Princesses are sleeping in the marble hall; Old_Queen, King and Prince watch Princesses through the window.

Old_Queen and King love Princesses.
Old_Queen loves Ursula.
Old_Queen tells Prince that Princesses are sick.
Princesses sleep all day long.
Old_Queen worries about Princesses; Old_Queen complains that Princesses sleep too much.
Old_Queen worries about Ursula.

Old_Queen doesn't have obvious reason to worry about Ursula so much.

Then, Old_Queen agrees to wake Princesses.
The door to the marble hall is locked.
Prince has to get to the hall through tombs.
Prince wakes Princesses.
Princesses wake up.

Ursula does not wake up; Ursula dies.

The end.
