Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Insert file 35.txt.

First perspective.
Start story titled "Sakuntala".

Note that Dushjanta is a name.
Note that Sakuntaka is a name.
Note that Durvasa is a name.

Sakuntala is a person.
Dushjanta is a person.
Durvasa is a person.

Sakuntala lives in cloister because Sakuntala is abandoned by parents.
Sakuntala is beautiful. 
Dushjanta is a king.

Dushjanta finds Sakuntala's cloister.
Dushjanta marries Sakuntala because Dushjanta loves Sakuntala.
Dushjanta has to go back to his kingdom.

Dushjanta gives Sakuntala Dushjanta's ring.
Dushjanta leaves cloister.

Durvasa is a wise man and quick to anger.
Durvasa comes to the cloister.
Sakuntala is not very hospitable with Durvasa therefore Durvasa curses Sakuntala.


Dushjanta has amnesia because Durvasa curses Sakuntala.
Dushjanta does not remember Sakuntala because Dushjanta has amnesia.
The only thing that can remind Dushjanta of Sakuntala is a ring.

Sakuntala goes to to palace. 
Sakuntala drops the ring in the river.
Dushjanta does not recognize Sakuntala because Dushjanta does not remember Sakuntala.
Dushjanta loses Sakuntala because Dushjanta does not recognize Sakuntala.
Saluntala returns to cloister because Dushjanta does not recognize Sakuntala.  

Soon a fisherman finds the ring. Dushjanta realizes Dushjanta's mistake. 
Then, Dushjanta defeats the army of titans.
A God rewards Dushjanta with a trip to Heaven because Dushjanta defeats the army of titans. 

Dushjanta meets Sakuntala when Dushjanta returns from Heaven; Dushjanta reunites with Sakuntala.
And they live happily ever after.


The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Pericles by Shakespear et al, acts III-V".

Note that Pericles is a name.
Note that Marina is a name.
Note that Thaisa is a name.
Note that Diana is a name.
Note that Cleon is a name.
Note that Dionyza is a name.

Pericles is a person.
Thaisa is a person.
Marina is a person.
Diana is a deity.
Tarsus is a place.
Tyre is a place.
Mytilene is a place.

//Act III

Pericles is a prince of Tyre.
Pericles loves Thaisa. Thaisa is Pericles's wife.
Thaisa is pregnant.
Thaisa and Pericles travel by ship.
A storm arises.
Thaisa gives a birth to Marina; Marina is Pericles's relative.
Sailors and Pericles think that Thaisa is dead.
Sailors set Thaisa overboard in casket; Pericles loses Thaisa.
Thaisa's casket washes ashore.
A physician finds Thaisa and revives her.
Thaisa thinks that Pericles is dead; Thaisa becomes priestess.
Meanwhile, Pericles stops at Tarsus.
Cleon is a governor of Tarsus and Dionyza is Cleon's wife. 
Cleon and Dionyza are in debt to Pericles.
Pericles leaves Marina in the care of Cleon and Dionyza because Pericles departs to rule Tyre.

//Act IV
Marina grows up more beautiful than Dionyza's daughter; Dionyza plans Marina's murder. 
The plan is thwarted because pirates kidnap Marina and because pirates sell her to a brothel in Mytilene.
Marina manages to keep her virginity because Marina convinces men to seek virtue. 
Brothel sends Marina away because Marina ruins brothel's market. 
Marina becomes a tutor. 
Marina becomes famous.
Pericles returns to Tarsus for his daughter. 
Cleon claims that Marina is dead; Pericles loses Marina.
Pericles takes to the sea.

//Act V
Pericles comes to Mytilene.
The governor seeks to cheer Pericles up therefore the governor brings Marina. 
//Marina and Pericles compare their sad stories; Marina and Pericles realise they are relatives; Pericles reunites with Marina. 
Marina and Pericles talk; Pericles recognizes Marina; Pericles reunites with Marina.

Diana tells Pericles to come to the temple; Pericles finds Thaisa; Pericles reunites with Thaisa. 


The end.