Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

if yy seizes xx from zz then yy obtains xx.

Insert file 12.txt.

First perspective.


Start story titled "Philoctetes".

Note that Hercules's_bow is a name.

Philoctetes is a person.
Troy is a place.

Hercules's_bow is an object.
Odysseus is a person. 
Neoptolem is a person.
Greeks are persons.

Odysseus and Greeks want to occupy Troy; Odysseus and Greeks travel with Philoctetes.
Philoctetes becomes sick because Philoctetes gets bitten.

Philoctetes suffers because Odysseus and Greeks abandon Philoctetes and Philoctetes is sick.

Philoctetes is stuck on the island for 10 years.
Meanwhile, Odysseus and Greeks tried to siege Troy.
Odysseus and Greeks failed to occupy Troy.
Neoptolem also wants to occupy Troy.
Philoctetes is mighty because Philoctetes owns Hercules's_bow; Foreteller tells Odysseus that Odysseus can not occupy Troy without Philoctetes; Odysseus wants Philoctetes to help Odysseus; Odysseus and Neoptolem come to the island.
Philoctetes does not plan to help Greeks because Greeks upset Philoctetes.
Odysseus and Neoptolem want to lure Philoctetes to Troy because Odysseus wants Philoctetes to help Greeks and because Neoptolem wants Philoctetes to help Greeks.
Odysseus wants Hercules's_bow and Neoptolem wants Hercules's_bow because Odysseus and Neoptolem want to lure Philoctetes to Troy.

Odysseus fears Philoctetes because Philoctetes is mighty and because Odysseus upsets Philoctetes.
Neoptolem doesn't want to trick Philoctetes but Odysseus persuades Neoptolem to trick Philoctetes.
Odysseus persuades Neoptolem to trick Philoctetes because Odysseus fears Philoctetes.

In order to trick Philoctetes Neoptolem lies to Philoctetes.
Philoctetes likes Neoptolem because Neoptolem lies to Philoctetes.
Philoctetes is not alert because Philoctetes likes Neoptolem.
Philoctetes falls asleep.
Neoptolem obtains Hercules's_bow because Philoctetes is not alert.

Philoctetes understands that Neoptolem tricked Philoctetes; Philoctetes curses Neoptolem.

Neoptolem asks Philoctetes to help Greeks. Philoctetes refuses.
Neoptolem feels bad because Neoptolem lies to Philoctetes.
Neoptolem returns Hercules's_bow to Philoctetes because Neoptolem feels bad.
Neoptolem asks Philoctetes to help Greeks again. Philoctetes refuses again.

Hercules appears.
Hercules proclaims divine will.
Hercules asks Philoctetes to help Greeks.


Philoctetes helps Odysseus and Greeks.

The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Mudra-raksasa".

Note that Chanakja is a name.
Note that Pataliputra is a name.
Note that Nanda is a name.
Note that Rakshasa is a name.
Note that Maurja is a name.
Note that Malajaketa is a name.

Malajaketa is a person.
Chanakja is a person.
Rakshasa is a person.
Nanda is a person.
Maurja is a person.

Pataliputra is a place.
Pataliputra is a capital.

Nanda is a king.
Chanakja is a minister.
Chanakja kills Nanda; Chanakja deposes Nanda. 
Maurja is Chanakja's disciple; Maurja becomes king.
Rakshasa is a minister. Rakshasa is faithful to Nanda; Rakshasa escapes Pataliputra and Rakshasa allies with mighty Malajaketa and Rakshasa siezes Pataliputra.
Malajaketa's army is mighty; Chanakja doesn't want to fight Malajaketa's army; Chanakja wants to ally with Rakshasa.

Minister's ring is an object.
Rakshasa's family is in Pataliputra. Rakshasa's family owns Minister's ring.
Chanakja seizes Minister's ring from Rakshasa's family.

In order to persuade Malajaketa that Rakshasa is a traitor Chanakja fakes a letter and Chanakja seals letter with Minister's ring and Chanakja gives the letter to a servant and Chanakja instructs a servant. 
Chanakja's servant pretends to be a refugee and comes to Rakshasa's camp because Chanakja instructs servant.
Chanakja pretends to quarrel with Maurja; Maurja dismisses Chanakja; Rakshasa decides to attack.
Chanakja's servant reveals the letter to Malajaketa because Chanakja instructs servant and because Rakshasa decides to attack.
Malajaketa believes that Rakshasa is a traitor because Chanakja's servant reveals the letter to Malajaketa and because Chanakja seals letter with Minister's ring.
Malajaketa sends Rakshasa into exile because Malaketa believes that Rakshasa is a traitor.
Malajaketa's allies are afraid because Malajaketa sends Rakshasa into exile.
Malajaketa's allies abandon Malajaketa because Malajaketa's allies are afraid.
Malajaketa's army becomes small because Malajaketa's allies abandon Malajaketa. 
Chanakja defeats Malajaketa because Malajaketa's army becomes small.
Rakshasa comes to Pataliputra because Rakshasa wants to save Rakshasa's family; Rakshasa's faithfulness impress Chanakja.
Guards seize Rakshasa because Rakshasa comes to Pataliputra.
Chanakja saves Rakshasa and reveals Rakshasa Chanakja's plan; Chanakja's intelligence impress Rakshasa.
Chanakja and Rakshasa ally because Chanakja's intelligence impress Rakshasa and because Rakshasa's faithfulness impress Chanakja.


The end.