Insert file Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Start commonsense knowledge.

yy helps xx and yy marries xx because yy loves xx.
if xx sees yy and yy is beautiful then xx loves yy.
if xx is a hero then xx is mighty.
if yy wants to eat xx then yy troubles xx.
xx helps yy because zz wants to eat yy and xx kills zz.
xx may kill yy because yy is a monster.

if xx defames yy then xx troubles yy.

Insert file 2.txt.

First perspective.
Start story titled "Andromeda".

Perseus is a person.
Andromeda is a person.
Cassiopea is a person.
Cepheus is a person.
Ethiopia is a place.
monster is a monster.

Nereids are deities.
Poseidon is a deity.


Cassiopea is Ethiopia's queen and Cepheus is Ethiopia's king.

Poseidon sends a monster to Ethiopia because Cassiopea offends Nereids and Nereids are Poseidon's daughters.

Cepheus wants to sacrifise Andromeda because Cepheus wants to soothe monster.
Noone expects anyone to save Andromeda.

Perseus is a hero.
Medusa is a monster.
Perseus decapitated Medusa and goes home.
Perseus sees Andromeda because Perseus stops by Ethiopia.
Andromeda is chained and monster wants to eat Andromeda.
Andromeda is beautiful.

Andromeda does not ask Perseus to help.
Perseus kills monster.
Then, Perseus marries Andromeda.

The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Susanna from Book of Daniel".

Susanna and Daniel are persons.
Voyeurs are persons.

Voyeurs watch Susanna because Voyeurs are vicious and Susanna is beautiful.
Then, Voyeurs harass Susanna.
Susanna rejects Voyeurs because Susanna is faithful.

Voyeurs defame Susanna because Susanna rejects Voyeurs.
Voyeurs trouble Susanna and Susanna is arrested because Voyeurs defame Susanna. 
Punishment for adultery is death.
Noone expects anyone to save Susanna.

Susanna does not ask Daniel to help.
Daniel is mighty because God tells Daniel the truth and God leads Daniel.


Daniel helps Susanna because Daniel separates Voyeurs and Daniel interrogates Voyeurs.

Voyeurs are punished and Susanna becomes free because Daniel shows that Voyeurs are lying.

The end.

