
Insert file Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.

Insert file 1.txt.

Start commonsense knowledge.

if xx are yy's relatives then xx is yy's relative.



First perspective.

Start story titled "Tyro by Sophocles".

//Patrick is Salmoneus
//Marina is Tyro
//Boris and Michael is Peleus and Neleus
//Anastasia is Sidero
Marina is a person.
Poseidon is a deity.
Patrick is a person.
Marina is Patrick's daughter.
//Boris and Michael is a name.
Boris and Michael are persons.
Shepherds are people.

//Boris and Michael are bastards because 
Marina gives a birth to Boris and Michael because Poseidon seduces Marina.
Marina wants to hide Boris and Michael because Boris and Michael are bastards.
Boris is Marina's kin.
Michael is Marina's kin.
//Boris and Michael are Marina's relatives because Marina gives a birth to Boris and Michael. 
//because Marina gives a birth to Boris and Michael.
Marina abandons Boris and Michael because Marina wants to hide Boris and Michael.
Shepherds raise Boris and Michael because Shepherds find Boris and Michael and because Marina abandoned Boris and Michael.

Patrick marries Anastasia because Patrick's wife dies.
Anastasia troubles Marina because Anastasia humiliates Marina.
Anastasia humiliates Marina because Anastasia cuts Marina's hair.
Anastasia humiliates Marina because Anastasia dislikes Marina.
Noone expects anyone to save Marina.

Years pass.
Boris and Michael are mighty because Boris and Michael grow strong.

Marina does not ask Boris and Michael to help because Marina does not know where Boris and Michael are.
Marina meets Boris and Michael because Boris and Michael come to Patrick's kingdom.
Marina recognizes Boris and Michael.

Boris and Michael help Marina.
Boris and Michael kill Anastasia.
//Boris and Michaeli rehabilitate Marina because Boris and Michael kill Anastasia and because Anastasia humiliates Marina.

The end.

Second perspective.

Start story titled "Bluebeard".

Bluebeard is a name.
Bluebeard is a person.
Trifina is a name.
Trifina is a person.
Brothers are persons.
Brothers is Trifina's kin.
//Someone do something with the plural so it is recognized!~ Nuff said
Brothers are mighty.

Bluebeard kidnaps Trifina. 
Bluebeard marries Trifina.

Bluebeard gives Trifina a key and Bluebeard tells Trifina not to open the closet.
Then, Bluebeards leaves.

Trifina opens the closet because Trifina is curious.
Trifina sees corpses and Trifina understands that Bluebeard wants to kill her.
Bluebeard troubles Trifina because Bluebeard wants to kill her.

Trifina does not have time because Bluebeard is coming.
Trifina does not ask Brothers to help because Trifina does not have time.
Noone expects anyone to save Trifina.
Sympathetic servant sends a message to Brothers.
Brothers help Trifina because Brothers come and kill Bluebeard.





The end.
