Insert file Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
// preliminary pattern
// sometimes mortal angers immortal because mortal pursues immortal's disciples.
// mortal angers immortal.
// sometimes, mortal's angering immortal leads to immortal's harming mortal. 
Both perspectives.


Start reflexive knowledge.


Start description of "Conflict-with-god-A".
yy is an entity.
yy is mortal.

xx is an entity.
xx is immortal.

yy's committing act against religion leads to yy's being hurt.

The end.



First perspective.
Start story titled "Pentheus by Euripides".

Cadmus is a person.
Pentheus is a person.
Pentheus is mortal because Pentheus is a human being.
Thebes is a place.
Dionysus is immortal because Dionysus is a deity.


Pentheus becomes the king of Thebes because Cadmus is a king of Thebes and because Cadmus abdicates in favor of Pentheus.
Cadmus abdicates in favor of Pentheus because Cadmus is old and because Pentheus is Cadmus's grandson.

Pentheus commits act against religion because Penteus prohibits worshiping Dionysus.
Pentheus angers Dionysus because Pentheus commits act against religion.

// PHW: Actions cause, people don't

Dionysus causes Pentheus's aunts to be frenzied because Pentheus angers Dionysus.
Dionysus causes women of Thebes to be frenzied because Pentheus angers Dionysus.

Cithaeron is a mountain.
Frenzy women come to Cithaeron.

Dionysus wants to harm Pentheus because Pentheus angers Dionysus.
Dionysus lures Pentheus to Cithaeron because Dionysus wants to harm Pentheus.
Pentheus comes to Cithaeron because Dionysus lures Pentheus to Cithaeron.
Pentheus hides on the tree because Pentheus wants to watch frenzy women.
Pentheus's aunts take Pentheus for an animal because Pentheus hides on the tree.

// PHW: Actions cause, people don't; revised phrasing works
Pentheus's aunts kill Pentheus because Pentheus's aunts take Pentheus for an animal and because Dionysus causes Pentheus's aunts to be frenzied.

// PHW: Distortion of story, just to see if pattern works.  No longer needed.
// Pentheus's aunts kill Pentheus because Pentheus's aunts take Pentheus for an animal and because Pentheus angers Dionysus.


Pentheus is hurt because Pentheus's aunts kill Pentheus.

The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Athalie from Bible".

Athalie is a person.

Athalie is mortal because Athalie is a human being.
God is immortal because God is a deity.

// PHW: Not "a queen" that causes a misparse Athalie becomming "a_queen" and screwing up classification.
Athalie is queen of Judea.
Judaism is a religion. Baal is a deity.

God is immortal because God is a deity.

Athalie abandons Judaism because Athalie worships Baal.

Jews are kind of people. 
Athalie pursues jews because jews worship God and because Athalie abandons Judaism.
Athalie commits act against religion because Athalie pursues jews. 
Athalie exterminates royal family because Athalie pursues jews and because royal family is jewish.
Joad is a person and Joad is the high priest.
Joash is a person and Joash is a prince. Joash survives because Joad saves Joash.
Joad saves Joash because Joad is faithful to God and Joash is a prince.
Joad raises Joash in judaism because Joad is faithful to God. 
Joad proclaims Joash a king because Joash is a prince.
Athalie bursts into the temple with guards because Joad proclaims Joash a king.
Joad and his friends protect Joash.

Joad kills Athalie because Athalie commits act against religion.
Athalie is hurt because Joad kills Athalie. 

The end.
