Insert file start experiment.

Start story titled "Haji-Murat".

//Preambule: Haji-Murat's formation -- allying with Russians.
//Told somewhere in the middle of the story.

Haji-Murat is a person.

Khan is a kind of noble.
Mother-Khan is a person.
//Abununzal and Umma and Bulach are Mother-Khan's sons.


Abununzal and Umma and Bulach are Khans because they are Mother-Khan's sons.

Haji-Murat is close to Khans. 

Mureeds are kind of people and Russians are kind of people.

Mullah is a person.
Mureeds are Mullah's disciples.
Mureeds come to the village.

Mureeds persuade people to fight Russians because Russians are not Moslems. 
//'Hazavat' -- holy war against non-Moslems
Everyone fights Russians but Khans do not fight Russians.

Gamzat is person.
Then, mullah is killed. Gamzat becomes new Mullah. 
Gamzat threatens Khans because Khans do not fight Russians.
Khans do not fight Russians because Khans fear Russians.


Mother-Khan sends Haji-Murat to Russians because Gamzat threatens Khans.
Russians promise to help Khans because Haji-Murat asks Russians to help Khans.
Russians send officers to the village because Haji-Murat asks Russians to help Khans.
Officers do not help Khans.

Shamil is a person.

Gamzat ensnares Abununzal, Umma, Bulach and Haji-Murat.
Gamzat kills Abununzal, Umma and Bulach because Khans do not fight Russians. 
Haji-Murat flees. 
Shamil helps Gamzat.
Then, Gamzat kills Mother-Khan.

Then, everyone obeys Gamzat.
Haji-Murat kills Gamzat because Gamzat kills Abununzal, Umma and Bulach.
Shamil becomes mullah because Haji-Murat kills Gamzat.
Shamil dislikes Haji-Murat. 

//Switching to Shamil
Shamil allies with Haji-Murat because Shamil fears Haji-Murat and because Shamil needs Haji-Murat.
Haji-Murat fights Russians because Haji-Murat allies with Shamil and because Shamil fights Russians.

//Breakup with Shamil
Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat because Shamil dislikes Haji-Murat's words.
Shamil fires Haji-Murat because Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Shamil deprives Haji-Murat from home because Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Shamil summons Haji-Murat because Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Haji-Murat does not come to Shamil because Haji-Murat knows that Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Shamil imprisons Haji-Murat's family because Haji-Murat does not come to Shamil.

//Plot.
Vorontzov is a person and Vorontzov is Russian.
Haji-Murat comes to Vorontzov.
Vorontzov receives Haji-Murat.
Vorontzov is proud because Haji-Murat is a mighty enemy and because Haji-Murat comes to Vorontzov.
Haji-Murat asks Russians to help Haji-Murat's family because Shamil imprisons Haji-Murat's family.
Haji-Murat promises to help Russians to fight Shamil.
Haji-Murat becomes impatient because Russians hesitate.
Haji-Murat tries to flee because Haji-Murat becomes impatient.
Russians kill Haji-Murat because Haji-Murat tries to flee.


The end.

