Insert file Start experiment.


xx is an entity.

yy is an entity.

zz is an entity.

ww is an entity.


Insert file General commonsense knowledge.

Insert file General reflective knowledge.

// Group 1 rules

If yy harms xx then xx may intend to kill yy.

If xx kills yy then xx commits violent act.

If xx fights yy then xx commits violent act.

If xx assaults yy then xx commits violent act.

mm is an entity.

nn is an entity.

// Group 2 rules

If xx kills yy then xx must intend to kill yy.

If xx kills yy then xx harms yy.

If xx harms yy and yy is a member of mm, then xx harms mm.

// If xx harms yy and xx is a member of mm and yy is a member of nn and zz is a member of nn, then zz intends to harm mm.

If xx harms mm and xx is a member of nn and yy is a member of mm, then yy intends to harm nn.

If xx intends to harm mm and yy is a member of mm, then xx may kill yy.

If xx kills yy and xx is a member of zz, then yy cannot intend to harm zz.

Start description of "Harm leads to harm".
ww is an entity.
xx is an entity.
yy is a entity.
ww's fighting xx leads to yy's harming ww.
ww's fighting xx leads to ww's harming xx.
The end.

Start description of "Violence leads to violence".
XX is an entity.
YY is an entity.
AA is an action.
xx must not equal yy.
xx commits violent act because xx performs aa.
xx's performing aa leads to yy's committing a second violent act.
The end.


Start description of "Blood Feud 1".
XX is a person.
YY is a person.
// mm is a group.
// nn is a group.
mm is an entity.
nn is an entity.
xx is a member of mm;
yy is a member of nn;
ww is a member of nn;
zz is a member of mm;
 
xx kills yy.
ww intends to kill zz.

 // Alternate rendering
 // xx's killing of yy leads to ww's intending to kill zz.
 
The end.

// XX thinks that YY will fear XX if XX performs AA.
// XX's wanting YY to fear XX leads to XX's performing AA.


Start story titled "Haji-Murat".



//Preambule: Haji-Murat's formation -- allying with Russians.
//Told somewhere in the middle of the story.

Haji-Murat is a person.



Haji-Murat's mother is a person.

Someone assaults Haji-Murat's mother.

Khan is a kind of noble.
Mother-Khan is a person.
//Abununzal and Umma and Bulach are Mother-Khan's sons.

// PHW
// Abununzal and Umma and Bulach are Khans because they are Mother-Khan's sons.
Abununzal is a Khan because he is Mother-Khan's son.
Umma is a Khan because he is Mother-Khan's son.
Bulach is a Khan because he is Mother-Khan's son.


Abununzal is a person.
Umma is a person.
Bulach is a person.

Haji-Murat is close to Khans. 

// phw Mureeds are kind of people and Russians are kind of people.

Mureeds are people and Russians are people.

Mullah is a person.
Mureeds are Mullah's disciples.
Mureeds come to the village.

Mureeds persuade people to fight Russians because Russians are not Moslems. 
//'Hazavat' -- holy war against non-Moslems

Everyone fights Russians but Khans do not fight Russians.

// PHW: The article, a, was left out, screwing up interpretation.

Gamzat is a person.

// Then, mullah is killed. 

Then, Mullah is killed. 

Gamzat becomes new Mullah. 

Gamzat threatens Khans because Khans do not fight Russians.

Khans do not fight Russians because Khans fear Russians.

Mother-Khan sends Haji-Murat to Russians because Gamzat threatens Khans.
Russians promise to help Khans because Haji-Murat asks Russians to help Khans.
Russians send officers to the village because Haji-Murat asks Russians to help Khans.
Officers do not help Khans.

Shamil is a person.

Gamzat ensnares Abununzal, Umma, Bulach and Haji-Murat.

Gamzat kills Abununzal, Umma and Bulach. // because Khans do not fight Russians. 

Haji-Murat flees. 
Shamil helps Gamzat.



Then, Gamzat kills Mother-Khan.

Then, everyone obeys Gamzat.

Haji-Murat kills Gamzat because Gamzat kills Abununzal, Umma and Bulach.

Shamil becomes mullah because Haji-Murat kills Gamzat.
Shamil dislikes Haji-Murat. 

//Switching to Shamil
Shamil allies with Haji-Murat because Shamil fears Haji-Murat and because Shamil needs Haji-Murat.
Haji-Murat fights Russians because Haji-Murat allies with Shamil and because Shamil fights Russians.



//Breakup with Shamil
Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat because Shamil dislikes Haji-Murat's words.
Shamil fires Haji-Murat because Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Shamil deprives Haji-Murat from home because Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Shamil summons Haji-Murat because Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Haji-Murat does not come to Shamil because Haji-Murat knows that Shamil wants to hurt Haji-Murat.
Shamil imprisons Haji-Murat's family because Haji-Murat does not come to Shamil.

//Plot.
Vorontzov is a person and Vorontzov is Russian.
Haji-Murat comes to Vorontzov.
Vorontzov receives Haji-Murat.

// Vorontzov is proud because Haji-Murat is a mighty enemy and because Haji-Murat comes to Vorontzov.

Haji-Murat asks Russians to help Haji-Murat's family because Shamil imprisons Haji-Murat's family.
Haji-Murat promises to help Russians to fight Shamil.
Haji-Murat becomes impatient because Russians hesitate.
Haji-Murat tries to flee because Haji-Murat becomes impatient.


Russians kill Haji-Murat because Haji-Murat tries to flee.


The end.


