Insert file Start experiment.
Start commonsense knowledge.


if xx is yy's child then yy loves xx.
if xx asks the criminal to murder yy then xx hurts yy.
xx believes that yy transgressed because xx loves zz and yy hurts zz.
xx may fight with yy because xx believes that yy transgressed.
if xx fights with yy then xx pursues yy.

Start reflexive knowledge.

Start description of "Crime_pursued_by_Vengeance-A".

yy is an entity.
xx is an entity.
zz is an entity.

xx loves zz.
//xx believes that yy transgressed because yy hurts zz.

yy's hurting zz leads to xx's believing that yy transgressed.
xx's believing that yy transgressed leads to xx's pursuing yy.


Sometimes, xx hurts yy.
Sometimes, yy is punished.

The end.

Start story titled "Macbeth".

Macbeth, Macduff, Lady Macbeth, Cawdor, and Duncan are persons. 

A king is a kind of noble.
A thane is a kind of noble.
Macbeth is a thane and Macduff is a thane.
Lady Macbeth is Macbeth's wife and Lady Macbeth is greedy.

England is a country.
I admire Duncan.

Duncan is the king, and Macbeth is Duncan's successor.
Duncan is an enemy of Cawdor.
Macduff is an enemy of Cawdor.

Macbeth defeated a rebel.

Duncan become happy because Macbeth succeeded.
Witches had visions and talked with Macbeth.

Burnam Wood is a place.

Dunsinane is a castle.

Witches predicted that Burnam Wood would go to Dunsinane.

Duncan rewarded Macbeth because Duncan became happy.

Lady Macbeth is Macbeth's wife.


Macbeth wants to become king because Lady Macbeth persuaded Macbeth to want to become the king.

Macbeth murders Duncan.

A child is Macduff's child.

Macbeth asks the criminal to murder the child. 

The criminal murders the child.

Macduff is psychotic.

Then, Lady Macbeth kills herself.


Dunsinane is a castle and Burnham Wood is a forest.
Burnham Wood goes to Dunsinane.  

Then, Macduff fights with Macbeth.


Then, Macduff kills Macbeth.
Witches predict that Burnam Wood would go to Dunsinane before Burnam Wood went to Dunsinane.


The end.

