Insert file Start experiment.

   First perspective.
   
 Show first perspective.
 
 Start commonsense knowledge.
 
 xx is an entity.
 yy is an entity.
 If xx gives money to yy then xx enriches yy.
 
 If yy kidnaps xx then yy harms xx.
 If yy is a child and xx harms yy then yy is evil.
 If xx is a noble and yy is a son of xx then yy is a noble.
 xx harms yy because xx harms zz and zz is yy's son.
 xx prefers yy to zz because xx dislikes zz and xx loves yy.
 xx prefers yy to zz because xx is noble and yy is noble and zz is noble and xx takes money from zz and xx gives money to yy.
 if yy defaces xx then yy harms xx .
 xx may want to harm yy because xx envies yy.
 xx may dislike yy because yy disrespect xx.
xx may feed yy because yy is starving and xx is good.
xx may help yy because yy is a child and yy starves and xx is good.
yy may kidnap yy because yy is zz's son and yy dislikes zz.
xx may dislike yy because yy contradicts xx.
xx may take money from yy because xx dislike zz and yy is zz's son.


xx is evil because xx kidnaps yy and yy is a child.
xx may dislike yy because xx is good and yy is vicious.


if xx is a king, then xx is a noble.

xx may abandon xx because xx is evil and yy is a child.

if yy takes money from xx then xx is poor.

// 

if yy is a king and xx is republican then xx contradicts yy.

// xx abandons yy because xx is the mother of yy and xx is dead.

// xx's mother abandons xx because xx's mother is dead.

// yy abandons xx because yy is xx's mother and yy is dead and xx is a child.

xx may starve because xx is a child and xx is alone.
xx may be cold because xx is a child and xx is alone.
xx may be alone because yy abandons xx.

//xx may starve because yy abandons xx and xx is a child.
//xx may be cold because yy abandons xx and xx is a child.

xx may disrespect yy because xx is rich and yy is poor.

// xx may disrespect yy because yy is poor.

xx may disrespect yy because xx is mean and yy is ugly.

xx is mean because xx is a noble.

xx cannot be mean because xx is poor.



 Start reflective knowledge.
 // Done.
 Start description of "Crazy waste".
 I am greedy.
xx is a person.
yy is a person.
yy promises money to xx.
xx refuses money.
 The end.
    // Done.



 Start description of "Strengthening power".
 I am Machiavellian.
 xx is a noble.
 yy is a noble.
 zz is a noble.
  yy contradicts xx.
 zz is neutral.
 xx harms yy.
 xx enriches zz.
 // xx is James, yy is Clancharlie, and zz is David
 The end.


 // Done.
 Start description of "Love prevails over greed".
 I am romantic.
xx is a entity.
yy is a entity.
zz is an entity.
yy is rich.
zz is poor.
xx refuses to marry yy because xx loves zz.

  The end.



    Start story titled "The Man Who Laughs".
    
   I am Machiavellian.
 I am greedy.
 I am romantic.
 Clancharlie is a person.

 James is a person.





David is a person.
Dea is a person.
Ursus is a person.
Josiana is a person.
Anne is a person.
Lords is a person.
Lords is rich.
Lords is a noble.
Dea is poor.
Ursus is poor.
Dea is a child.

Ursus is good.
Josiana is vicious.
Gwynplaine loves Dea.
Josiana is rich.

Comprachicos is a person.

Gwynplaine is a son of Clancharlie.
David is a son of Clancharlie.
Clancharlie is republican.
Clancharlie is a noble.

James dislikes Clancharlie.

Gwynplaine is a child.
Gwynplaine is good.

James is a king.

James kidnaps Gwynplaine and James sells Gwynplaine to Comprachicos. // because Clancharlie contradicts James.


Clancharlie dies.

David is neutral.
James takes money from Gwynplaine.
James gives money to David.

Gwynplaine is ugly because Comprachicos deface Gwynplaine.
Comprachicos abandons Gwynplaine.
Gwynplaine is alone.
Gwynplaine starves and Gwynplaine is cold.
Dea is alone because Dea is an orphan.
Gwynplaine finds Dea.
Gwynplaine helps Dea because Dea starves and Dea is cold.
Ursus feeds Gwynplaine and Dea because Ursus meets Gwynplaine and Dea.
Gwynplaine loves Dea because Dea is good.

Comprachicos confess that Comprachicos defaced Gwynplaine.
Anne envies Josiana because Josiana is beautiful.
Anne promises money to Gwynplaine because Anne wants Gwynplaine to marry Josiana.
Anne wants Gwynplaine to marry Josiana because Anne wants to harm Josiana and because Gwynplaine is ugly.
Lords laugh because Gwynplaine speaks to Lords and Lords disrespect Gwynplaine.
Gwynplaine refuses to marry Josiana because Gwynplaine loves Dea and because Gwynplaine dislike Lords and because Gwynplaine dislikes Josiana.
Gwynplaine refuses money because Gwynplaine refuses to marry Josiana.
Gwynplaine continues living with Ursus and Dea because Ursus is good and Dea is good and because Gwynplaine dislike Lords and because Gwynplaine dislike Josiana.



   The end.
