Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.

Both perspectives.
Insert file 16.txt.

First perspective.
Start story titled "Athamas".

Note that Zeus is a name.
Note that Hera is a name.
Note that Dionysus is a name.
Note that Semele is a name.
Note that Athamas is a name.
Note that Learchus is a name.

Zeus is deity. 
Hera is deity.
Dionysus is deity.
Semele is a mortal woman.
Athamas is a person.
Learchus is a person.
Learchus is Athamas's relative because Learchus is Athamas's son. 


Hera is Zeus's wife.
Semele is pregnant with Dionysus because Zeus cheated on Hera with Semele.
Hera is angry because Zeus cheated on Hera with Semele.
Hera tricks Semele because Hera is angry. Semele dies because Hera tricks Semele.
Zeus saves Dionysus.
// here's the unappetizing story about 
// ripping an unborn child from burning mother and
// sewing an embryo into Zeus's hip
// and later giving it unnatural birth
// generalized that part as "saves" :) 
Zeus gives Dionysus to Athamas because Zeus wants Athamas to bring Dionysus up.
Athamas nurtures Dionysus because Zeus wants Athamas to bring Dionysus up.
Athamas disguises Dionysus because Athamas does not want Hera to find Dionysus.
Hera finds Dionysus.
Hera curses Athamas because Athamas nurtures Dionysus.
Athamas becomes mad because Hera curses Athamas.
Athamas's son is a person.
Athamas does not hate Learchus.
Athamas kills Learchus because Athamas becomes mad.
Athamas hurts Learchus because Athamas kills Learchus.
Athamas's wife flees because Athamas kills Learchus.
Zeus saves Dionysus again and Zeus hides Dionysus again.

The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "La fille Elisa by Concourd ".

Note that Elisa is a name.
Note that Tanchon is a name.

Elisa is a person.
Bernard is a person.

Elisa's mother is abortionist. Elisa flees home.
Elisa becomes a prostitute.

Tanchon is a soldier. Tanchon falls in love with Elisa.
Tanchon becomes Elisa's lover because Tanchon does not know that Elisa is a prostitute.
Tanchon is Elisa's lover because Tanchon becomes Elisa's lover.
Elisa does not hate Tanchon.
Tanchon tries to rape Elisa because Tanchon finds out that Elisa is a prostitute.
Elisa becomes mad because Tanchon tries to rape Elisa.
Elisa kills Tanchon because Elisa becomes mad.
Elisa hurts Tanchon because Elisa kills Tanchon.


Elisa is arrested and Elisa is judged and Elisa is imprisoned because Elisa kills Tanchon.
Elise becomes degraded.


The end.
