Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.

Both perspectives.
Insert file 16.txt.

First perspective.
Start story titled "Sophocles' Ajax".

Note that Achilles is a name.
Note that Thetis is a name.
Note that Ajax is a name.
Note that Paris is a name.
Note that Athena is a name.
Note that Agamemnon is a name.
Note that Odysseus is a name.

Troy is a place.
Greeks are persons.
Thetis is a deity.
Athena is a deity.
Ajax is a person.

There is a war in Troy.

Achilles is a hero of war.
Ajax is a hero of war.
Odysseus is a hero of war.


Thetis is Achilles's mother.
Thetis presents armour to Achilles.
Paris kills Achilles.
Thetis wants to give armour to the bravest hero.
Ajax and Odysseus are brave.
Ajax is offended because Odysseus receives Achilles's armour.
Ajax wants to kill Greeks because Ajax is offended.

Athena confuses Ajax because Athena does not want Ajax to kill Greeks.
Ajax becomes mad because Athena confuses Ajax.
Ajax is mad because Ajax becomes mad.

Ajax attacks sheeps and cows because Ajax thinks animals are Greeks.
Ajax thinks animals are Greeks because Ajax is mad.
Ajax kills a lot of animals. Ajax arrests the rest of animals. Ajax brings the rest of animals to the camp.
Ajax kills the rest of animals. 

Ajax cuts off head and tongue of a ram because Ajax thinks that the ram is Agamemnon.
Ajax thinks that the ram is Agamemnon because Ajax is mad.
Ajax whips the other ram and Ajax calls the other ram Odysseus.
Ajax calls the other ram Odysseus because Ajax believes that the other ram is Odysseus.
Ajax believes that the other ram is Odysseus because Ajax is mad.

Then, Ajax gains consciousness.
Ajax is dishonored because Ajax attacks sheeps and cows.
Ajax kills himself because Ajax is dishonored.


The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Saul by Gide".

Note that Saul is a name.
Note that Jonathan is a name.
Note that David is a name.
Note that Goliath is a name.

Saul is a person.
Jonathan is a person.
David is a person.
Goliath is a person.
Israelites are persons.
Philistines are persons.

Saul is king of Israelites.
Saul is weak. Saul is on the verge of madness.

The capital is besieged by Philistines.
Goliath is Philistines's hero.

David comes to the court.
David is young and charming.
David answers the challenge of Goliath.
David kills Goliath.

Saul is infatuated with David because David is young and charming.


Saul's wife is attracted to David because David is young and charming.
Saul's wife tries to seduce David but Saul's wife fails.
Saul is jealous because Saul's wife tries to seduce David.
Jonathan is Saul's son.
Jonathan is attracted to David because David is charming.
Saul is jealous because Jonathan's attraction is mutual.

Saul becomes mad because Saul is jealous and because Saul is infatuated with David.
Saul is mad because Saul becomes mad.

Saul commits indecencies and Saul hallucinates because Saul is mad.
Saul is dishonored because Saul hallucinates and Saul commits indecencies.

David is destined to replace Saul.
People love David because David is young and charming. 
Saul is jealous because people love David.

Saul tries to kill David because Saul is jealous.
David flees because Saul tries to kill David.
David comes back with an army.

David becomes king because David's soldiers kill Saul and Jonathan.


The end.
