Start experiment.

xx is a person.
yy is a person.
if xx is yy's father then xx is yy's relative.

Insert file 16.txt.

Start story titled "'L'Etau' by Andre Sardou".

Note that Jean is a name.
Note that Aurriol is a name.
Note that Madlen is a name.
Note that Simone is a name.
Note that Philippe is a name.
Note that Docteur Bonnel is a name.

Jean is a person.
Aurriol is a person.
Docteur Bonnel is a person.
Madlen is a person.
Simone is a young woman.
Philippe is a person.

Aurriol is rich.
Aurriol marries Madlen.
Madlen gives a birth to Jean.
Aurriol is Jean's father.
Aurriol becomes mad and Aurriol dies.

Madlen becomes widow.
Philippe is a friend of Aurriol's family.
Philippe marries Madlen.

Jean is a medical student.
Jean proposes Simone because Jean is in love with Simone.


Jean starts avoiding Simone. 
Simone becomes unhappy because Jean avoids Simone.
Madlen is concerned because Jean avoids Simone.
Docteur Bonnel is a friend of Jean's family.
Madlen shares concerns with Docteur Bonnel.

Docteur Bonnel interviews Jean therefore Docteur Bonnel knows that Jean is afraid of hereditary madness.
Jean avoids Simone because Jean is afraid of hereditary madness. 
Jean is afraid of hereditary madness because Aurriol becomes mad and Aurriol is Jean's father.
Docteur Bonnel tells Madlen that Jean can become mad.
Jean can become mad because Jean convinces himself that he becomes mad.

Madlen convinces Jean that Jean's real father is Philippe.
Simone's mother is afraid of hereditary madness too.
Simone's mother wants to send Simone away because Simone's mother is afraid of hereditary madness.
Madlen tells Simone's mother that Jean's real father is Philippe.
Madlen does not convince Simone's mother.

Jean convinces himself that he becomes mad because Jean is afraid of hereditary madness.
Jean becomes mad because Jean convinces himself that he becomes mad. 
Jean thinks that everyone lies to Jean because Jean becomes paranoid.
Jean attempts to kill Philippe because Jean becomes mad.
Jean dies.

The end.