Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.
Insert file 16.txt.

First perspective.
Start story titled "Sakuntala".

Note that Dushjanta is a name.
Note that Sakuntaka is a name.
Note that Durvasa is a name.

Sakuntala is a person.
Dushjanta is a person.
Durvasa is a person.

Sakuntala lives in cloister because Sakuntala is abandoned by parents.
Sakuntala is beautiful. 
Dushjanta is a king.

Dushjanta finds Sakuntala's cloister.
Dushjanta marries Sakuntala because Dushjanta loves Sakuntala.
Dushjanta has to go back to his kingdom.

Dushjanta gives Sakuntala Dushjanta's ring.
Dushjanta leaves cloister.

Durvasa is a wise man and quick to anger.
Durvasa comes to the cloister.
Sakuntala is not very hospitable with Durvasa therefore Durvasa curses Sakuntala.


Dushjanta has amnesia because Durvasa curses Sakuntala.
Dushjanta does not remember Sakuntala because Dushjanta has amnesia.
The only thing that can remind Dushjanta of Sakuntala is a ring.

Sakuntala goes to to palace. 
Sakuntala drops the ring in the river.
Dushjanta does not recognize Sakuntala because Dushjanta does not remember Sakuntala.
Dushjanta loses Sakuntala because Dushjanta does not recognize Sakuntala.
Saluntala returns to cloister because Dushjanta does not recognize Sakuntala.  

Soon a fisherman finds the ring. Dushjanta realizes Dushjanta's mistake. 
Then, Dushjanta defeats the army of titans.
A God rewards Dushjanta with a trip to Heaven because Dushjanta defeats the army of titans. 

Dushjanta meets Sakuntala when Dushjanta returns from Heaven.
And they live happily ever after.


The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Wagner - The Death of the Gods".

Note that Siegfried is a name.
Note that Brunnhilde is a name.
Note that Hagen is a name.
Note that Gunther is a name.
Note that Gutrune is a name.

Siegfried is a person.
Brunnhilde is a person.
Hagen is a person.
Gunther is a person.
Gutrune is a person.


Siegfried loves Brunnhilde. Brunnhilde loves Siegfried.
Siegfried gives Brunnhilde a ring.
Siegfried leaves for adventures.

//act 1
//scene 1
Hagen, Gunther and Gutrune are siblings.
Gunther is lord of the Gibichungs.
Hagen convinces Gunther to want to marry Brunnhilde.
Hagen convinces Gutrune to want to marry Siegfried.
Hagen has a magic drink.
Magic drink makes people to have amnesia.
Magic drink can make Siegfried forget Brunnhilde.

//scene 2
Siegfried comes to the Hall of Gibichuns.
Gibichins welcome Siegfried.
Guturne gives Siegfried the magic drink because Guturne wants to marry Siegfried.
Siegfried has amnesia because magic drink makes people to have amnesia.
Siegfried forgets Brunnhilde because Siegfried has amnesia. 
Siegfried falls in love with Gutrune because Siegfried forgets Brunnhilde.
Siegfried proposes Gutrune because Siegfried falls in love with Gutrune.
Siegfriend and Gunther become blood brothers.

//scene 3
Siegfried takes the ring from Brunnhilde because Siegfried forgets Brunnhilde.
Siegfriend helps Gunther to propose Brunnhilde because Siegfried forgets Brunnhilde.
Siegfried loses Brunnhilde because Siegfriend helps Gunther to propose Brunnhilde and because Siegfried proposes Gutrune.

Then, Hagen kills Siegfried.
Gunther fights Hagen because Hagen kills Siegfried.
Hagen kills Gunther because Gunther fights Siegfried.
Hagen tries to take the ring from Siegfried's body. Hagen fails.
Brunnhilde gives the ring to Brunnhilde's sisters.


The end.