Start commonsense knowledge.

England, Germany, and France are countries.

If England harms France then England angers France.

If England attacks an artifact and France owns the artifact then England attacks France.

If England attacks an army unit and France owns the army unit then England attacks France.

If England attacks France then England Harms France.

If England harmed France and France is Germany's ally, then England harmed Germany.

If England harmed France and France is my friend, then England harmed me.

If England insults France, then England harms France.

If England damages France's artifact, France owns France's artifact, and France believes France's artifact is valuable, then England harms France.

England believed artifact is valuable because England built artifact. 

England may build artifact because England believed artifact is valuable.



England owns England's artifact because England built England's artifact.

England wants to damage France's artifact because England wanted to harm France and because France believes France's artifact is valuable.

England damaged France's artifact because England wants to damage France's artifact and because someone damaged France's artifact.

// England attacked France's artifact because England wants to damage France's artifact and because someone attacked France's artifact.

If England wants to damage France's artifact and someone attacked France's artifact, then England may attack France's artifact.

England became happy because England harmed France and because England wanted to harm France.

// England may want to harm France because France angers England.

England may want to harm France because France does not respect England and because France angers England.

// England wanted to harm France because France angered England.



France harmed England because France spurned England.

England may fight France because France spurned England.

England may fight France because France insulted England.

England became unhappy because France damaged England's artifact and because England owns artifact.

England became unhappy because France harmed England.

England became happy because England owns artifact and artifact is valuable.

//// Additional commonsense knowledge needed to handle Georgia case

// Part of

ww is an entity.

xx is an entity.

yy is an entity.

zz is an entity.

If zz damages yy and yy is part of xx, then zz damages xx.

zz wants to damage yy because zz wants to damage xx and yy is part of xx.

// Knowledge about allies.

ww is an ally of xx because xx supported ww.

xx harmed yy because xx tried to control ww and ww is an ally of yy.

// Knowledge linking belief in importance to belief in value

If xx believes its artifact is important, then xx believes its artifact is valuable.

// Knowledge about parts

If zz attacks yy and yy is part of xx, then zz attacks xx.

If zz damages yy and yy is part of xx, then zz damages xx.

zz wants to attack yy because zz wants to attack xx and yy is part of xx.

zz wants to damage yy because zz wants to damage xx and yy is part of xx.

If zz wants to damage yy, then zz wants to attack yy.

// Knowledge about attacks

If xx attacks yy's zz and yy owns yy's zz, then xx harms yy.

//// End of new additional knowledge.


