Georgia and Russia are countries.

Georgia owns Georgia's army units.

Georgia owns Georgia's computer networks.

Georgia owns Georgia's telecommunication websites.

// Telecommunication websites are artifacts.

// Computer networks are artifacts.

South Ossetia is a region.

Georgia believes its computer networks are important.  Telecommunication websites are
artifacts and computer networks are artifacts.  

Georgia's telecommunication websites are part of Georgia's computer networks.


Georgia became independent when the Soviet Union broke into separate states in 1989.  In
the 1990s, the government of Georgia lost control of South Ossetia.  

Most of the people in South Ossetia were not ethnic Georgians, but members of other ethnic groups, including Russians.  They set up their own government. 

South Ossetia was supported by Russia.  Russia gave many of the people in South Ossetia
Russian passports.  Russia was committing itself to protect these people.


Georgia tried to control South Ossetia.  This strategy led to occasional fights between
army units of Georgia and army units of South Ossetia.  June and July army units of
Georgia and South Ossetia attacked each other with artillery fire.  In late
July, there were denial of service attacks on Georgian government web sites.  In
August, 2008, Georgian army units entered South Ossetia, after the Georgian government
said the army of South Ossetia had attacked villages in South Ossetia where ethnic
Georgians lived.



Russian army units entered South Ossetia. 



// Revive
Russia attacked Georgia's army units because Russia wanted to harm Georgia.




Someone attacked Georgia's telecommunication websites.  

// Then, someone attacked Georgia's computer networks.  




There were also attacks on
Georgian government websites.  These attacks included defacement, denial of service and
corruption of databases.  These attacks kept the Georgian government from using the
Internet to communicate with the rest of the world or with the small number of people in
Georgia with Internet access.  These attacks continued for five days, until a cease fire
between Russia and Georgia was declared.  
The people who organized the cyber attacks were probably Russian activists.
They were not Russian army units.  
The attacks did not damage Georgia very much.




The end.

