
The Nose is an opera by Dmitri Shostakovich.
 It was written in 1927.
 At this time a lot of exciting new movies were being made in the Soviet Union.
 There were also some very interesting new plays in the theatres.
 The famous theatre director Vsevolod Meyerhold had many new ideas.
 However, operas that were being written then were mostly quite uninteresting.


Shostakovich, who was only just twenty years old, started to make Soviet operas interesting again.
 He took the story called The Nose which was written by Nikolai Gogol.
 It is about a man who wakes up one day to find his nose has gone.


The opera was first performed in 1930.
 Unfortunately by then the music critics had changed their ideas because of the political situation in the Soviet Union which was being ruled by the dictator Stalin.
 They wrote bad things about the opera and the performances soon had to stop.
 It was not until 1974 that it was performed again in the Soviet Union.


The opera is a satire.
 It pokes fun at bureaucrats: people in official jobs who think they are more important than they really are.


In the opera the barber Ivan Yakovlevich is seen shaving the Major.
 In the morning Ivan wakes up and his wife gives him some fresh bread and onion.
 When he cuts the bread open he finds a nose inside.
 His wife screams and yells at her husband.
 She chases him out of the house.
 He runs along the street with the nose, feeling very embarrassed.
 He throws the nose in the river, but a policeman catches him.
 He tries unsuccessfully to bribe him.


In the next scene the Major wakes up and finds he has no nose.
 He goes to tell the police.
 He goes to the cathedral and sees his nose who is dressed up as an important person (the nose is now a person, sung by a singer).
 The Major is not sure what to say to his nose because his nose is now more important than he is.
 He can’t speak properly and the nose does not understand him.
 The nose speaks very confidently, like a person of high rank.
 The Major cannot find the Chief of Police so he goes to the newspaper office.
 The people there laugh at him and say that they cannot put a notice in the newspaper about a lost nose because it would make their newspaper look silly.
 He is told to see a doctor.
 When the Major takes his handkerchief away from his face to show that he really has lost his nose the newspaper staff become interested because they think they have a good story for the newspaper.
 They offer him some snuff.
 Of course, he cannot sniff it, and gets very cross.


The police, who are looking for the lost nose, are watching people who are getting into a coach.
 They think the nose might be trying to leave the city.
 As the coach leaves the nose runs in, tries to stop the coach, frightens thehorses, the driver tries to shoot the nose, and everyone starts to fight the nose, beating and hitting it until it is back to its normal size.
 The policeman wraps it in a piece of paper.
 He returns it to the Major and asks for payment.
 The Major tries to stick his nose back on his face but he can’t.
 Even the doctor can’t do it.
 The nose escapes into the crowd.
 The Major thinks that Madame Podtochina, who tried to make him marry her daughter, has used witchcraft on him.
 He writes to her asking her to stop the spell but she writes back thinking that he wants to marry her daughter.
 Large crowds appear on the street to try to see the nose.


In the last part of the opera the Major has got his nose back where it belongs.
 He is shaved by the barber and then walks along the street proudly showing everyone his nose.



The music is just right for telling a story which is a satire.
 The policeman, for example, sings in a high, squeaky voice.
 The music at the beginning sounds rather like circus music.
 At the end of the scene when he is unable to bribe the police officer there is music just for percussion instruments.
 This bit is very famous and often played as a separate piece.
 One of the barber’s songs is accompanied by four balalaikas.
 Madame Podtochina’s daughter sings like a romantic opera singer.
 The waltz which is sung as the people get on the coach is a parody waltz.


The Autism Research Institute (ARI), established in 1967 by Bernard Rimland, is a San Diego, California, based nonprofit that funds research[1] and provides information on autism and autism spectrum disorders.
Stephen M.
Edelson became the director of ARI upon Rimland's death in 2006.

The ARI holds that autism can be treated through a combination of intensive behavior modification, such as Applied Behavior Analysis, and a wide variety of biomedical interventions, including the use of drugs, dietary supplements, special diets, and chelation therapy.
To this end, they sponsor a yearly conference of researchers, scientists, and physicians, which has become known as Defeat Autism Now! (DAN!).
Parents and medical professionals have reported improvements in the behavior of autistic children enrolled in special diets, detoxification therapies, and a range of treatments, collectively known as biomedical intervention for autism.
In 1995, the Autism Research Institute brought together a group of about 30 physicians and scientists to share information and ideas toward defeating autism as quickly as possible.
This became known as Defeat Autism Now! which comprises a network of doctors whose goal is to educate parents and clinicians about biomedically-based research, appropriate testing and safe and effective interventions for autism.
The premise for biomedical intervention is that certain neurological disorders including autism are caused by environmental shocks that compromise the gastrointestinal, immunological and neurological systems.
Gastrointestinal, in that they tend toward constipation or diarrhea and often have abnormal cravings or abhorrence for certain kinds of food; immunological, in that they are prone to allergies, migraines, and react abnormally to infectious diseases; and neurological, in that they are consistently hypo- or hypersensitive to sensory impressions.
Proponents of biomedical intervention claim that autistic children generally improve in all three systems with an adapted or 'special' diet or with the addition to their diet of certain dietary supplements, nutrients, and enzyme supplements.
Based on this premise, what is often diagnosed as autism or PDD is seen as a physiological syndrome that can and should be treated as a physiological disorder.
Research into immune abnormalities in autism began in the 1980s[2] and has been continued by more recent research demonstrating a dysregulated innate immune response in some children with autism[3] [4], amid increasing speculation that immune and inflammatory responses, particularly those of Th2 type, may be involved in the etiology of autism.[5].
This led to the development of an Autism Biomedical movement that developed from the 1990s and focussed on Conferences such as Montreal’s 2nd Annual Medical Conference on Autism[6] which brought together immunologists, dieticians and DAN doctors amid a surge of interest in dietary models of treatment stimulated via internet chat groups, autism support groups and conferences.

Some researchers and advocates of biomedical therapies in autism have autistic children of their own and have been driven by their own experiences; these include Bernard Rimland.
Rimland, a psychologist and parent of an autistic son, speculated that his son's autism was the result of the DPT vaccine.
He experimented with eliminating certain kinds of food and says that by eliminating casein and gluten from his son's diet, autistic symptoms were reduced.
Studies supporting dietary claims for autism treatment have had significant flaws, so the data are inadequate to guide treatment recommendations.[7]


Naalu Pennungal (Four Women) is a 2007 Malayalam film by Adoor Gopalakrishnan which contains four different stories.

The movie chronicles a journey of womanhood across assorted backdrops with a classic amalgamation of source matters and techniques that splendidly spans times and frames.
Naalu Pennungal is the story of four women from Kuttanad in Alappuzha district in Kerala.
The stories are set in the years between 1940s to the 1960s.
The first story profiled is the story of a street prostitute Kunjipennu (Padmapriya) and Pappukutty (Sreejith Ravi) who decide to make a life ot of themselves as husband and wife.
They have bound themselves in matrimony that does not have any legal sanction.
So the law catches up with them, they do not have anything that can be an evidence of their commitment towards each other.
The story has a predictable ending when the couple is separated and punished for aspiring to build their future together without any official sanction.
All Pappukutty and Kunjipennu are left with are the fragments of their love.
Cut to Kumari (Geethu Mohandas).
Kumari is a girl who has not shied away from the responsibility of looking after her ageing parents.
She works in the paddy fields and has saved enough for her own dowry.
Her parents have found her a boy named Narayanan who is very hardworking and wise about his money and his only weakness is that he likes to watch films and he goes to the theatre every week to watch a new film.
Kumari does not get a husband's love and care from Narayanan.
One night, in bed, she touches Nayaranan on his hand, to which he responds coldly.
The next day, he takes her to her home and leaves her there.
People in the village suspect that she was left behind because of her adultery.
Nobody understands her innocence in the matter.
From the virgin, the story moves to the life of a housewife named Chinnu Amma (Manju Pillai).
Chinnu sees a man who passed with an entourage across her window as she was taking a siesta.
She was excited and being childless, Nara Pillai (Mukesh) suggests that she should have a realtionship with him to bear a child and she gives a silent nod to the suggestion.
Towards the end, we see that Chinnu changes her mind by knowing that her husband (Murali) showers the same affection on her.
The story now moves to the house of the dark-skinned Kamakshi(Nandita Das), the eldest of her four siblings.
Kamakshi does not have equal status in the household because of her dusky complexion and the fact that she had already crossed her marriageable age.
She always lurks in the fringes never taking the centre-stage and busy doing household chores mutely.
The man (Ravi Vallathol) who comes to see Kamakshi selects her younger sister (Kavya Madhavan) as his bride.
Others raise voices against it, but Kamakshi accepts it gracefully.
In the meantime, the wedding of her youngest sister (Remya Nambeeshan) also takes place.
After her mother's (KPAC Lalitha) death, she is left stranded.
The film premiered in the masters section of the Toronto International Film festival.
The Miami International Film Festival selected Adoor Gopalakrishnan's Naalu Pennungal.
Besides Adoor, Geethu Mohandas who featured in the story 'Kanyaka' and Martin Sebastian, the co-producer of the film attended the film festival.




Hurricane Isabel was the costliest and deadliest hurricane in the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
It was the ninth named storm, fifth hurricane, and second major hurricane of the season.
Isabel formed from a tropical wave in the tropical Atlantic Ocean.
It moved northwestward, and it steadily strengthened to reach peak winds of 165 mph (265 km/h) on September 11.
After weakening and strengthening for four days, Isabel slowly weakened.
It moved onto the Outer Banks of North Carolina with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) on September 18.
It quickly weakened over land.
In North Carolina, the storm surge from Isabel washed away part of Hatteras Island.
This area of washed away land was sometimes known as Isabel Inlet.
Damage was highest along the Outer Banks, where thousands of homes were damaged or destroyed.
The worst effects happened in Virginia, especially in the Hampton Roads area and on the shores of the James River.
Virginia had the most deaths and damage from the hurricane.
About 64% of the total damage and 68% of the total deaths from the storm happened in North Carolina and Virginia.
There was moderate to severe damage up the Atlantic coastline and as far west as West Virginia.
About six million lost power in the eastern United States.
Rain fell from South Carolina to Maine, and westward to Michigan.
In total, damage is estimated at $3.6 billion (2003 USD, $4.1 billion 2008 USD).
16 deaths in seven states are blamed directly on the hurricane.
35 more deaths in six states and one province were not directly related to the hurricane.
According to the Old Testament, the Ten Commandments were rules for life given by God to the Jews at Mt.
Sinai.[1] Sometimes these rules are also called Decalogue (from Greek, can be translated as ten statements).
The name decalogue first occurs in the Septuagint.
The Jews received the commandments after they had left Egypt during the reign of Pharaoh Ramses.
The commandments can be found in the Bible in the book of Exodus chapter 20 and in slightly different form in the book of Deuteronomy chapter 5.
They are also implied in the Qur'an.
Since there have been many translations, there may be variations in the way the commandments are written.
The Bible in Basic English[2] lists the commandments from Exodus in this way:
I am the Lord your God who took you out of the land of Egypt, out of the prison-house.
You are to have no other gods but me.
You are not to make an image or picture of anything in heaven or on the earth or in the waters under the earth: You may not go down on your faces before them or give them worship: for I, the Lord your God, am a God who will not give his honour to another; and I will send punishment on the children for the wrongdoing of their fathers, to the third and fourth generation of my haters; And I will have mercy through a thousand generations on those who have love for me and keep my laws.
You are not to make use of the name of the Lord your God for an evil purpose; whoever takes the Lord's name on his lips for an evil purpose will be judged a sinner by the Lord.
Keep in memory the Sabbath and let it be a holy day.
On six days do all your work: But the seventh day is a Sabbath to the Lord your God; on that day you are to do no work, you or your son or your daughter, your man-servant or your woman-servant, your cattle or the man from a strange country who is living among you: For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and the sea, and everything in them, and he took his rest on the seventh day: for this reason the Lord has given his blessing to the seventh day and made it holy.
Give honour to your father and to your mother, so that your life may be long in the land which the Lord your God is giving you.
Do not put anyone to death without cause.
Do not be false to the married relation.
Do not take the property of another.
Do not give false witness against your neighbour.
Let not your desire be turned to your neighbour's house, or his wife or his man-servant or his woman-servant or his ox or his ass or anything which is his.
The Bible does not number the commandments.
Different religious groups have numbered them in different ways.
The Jews, followed by Christian Protestants, end the first commandment with "You are to have no other gods but me." as above.
Catholics and Lutherans end the first commandment at "I will have mercy through a thousand generations on those who have love for me and keep my laws." and separate in their last two commandments the desire for a man's wife from the desire for other things he owns.
These commandments are translated from Ancient Hebrew to Simple English, so the exact words chosen cannot mean to us exactly what they meant to the Hebrews.
There is a variety of interpretations of these commandments:
To "put anyone to death without cause", called murder, may mean all killing including execution and war, or exclude these.[needs proving]
To "be false to the married relation", called adultery, is when a married person has sex with a person other than his or her spouse.
The Bible does not say this includes unmarried people having sex with each other, although some people think so.
Some have interpreted Exodus 22:16 to mean that if two unmarried people have sex, they should make a commitment to one another.
To "give false witness" called lying, may include all lying, or only include lying in a court, called perjury.[needs proving]
To "desire ...
your neighbour's house, or his wife, or his servant or his ox" , implies that wives and servants were owned by a man in Moses' time, although this is not so today.[needs proving] Some people say that this means trying to get what the person wants, while others say it means even wanting it.
In the New Testament, Jesus talked about who was guilty of breaking these commandments.
He said that even if someone was just angry and rude to another person, they might be judged for murder, and if they just looked with desire or lust at a woman, they had committed adultery in their heart.[3]
The commandments passage in Exodus has more than ten imperative statements, there are 14 or 15 in all.
While the Bible itself gives the count as "10", using the Hebrew phrase ?aseret had'varim—translated as the 10 words, statements or things, this phrase does not appear in the passages usually presented as being "the Ten Commandments".[4] Various religions divide the commandments differently.
The table below shows those differences.
Muslims reject the Bible's version of the Ten Commandments.
Islam teaches that the Bible is a revelation from God but the text used in Judaism and Christianity has been corrupted.
The Ten Commandments are not explicitly mentioned in the Qur'an but each is implied by the following verses in the Quran (using Jewish numbering):
"There is no other god beside God."(Qur'an 47:19)
"My Lord, make this a peaceful land, and protect me and my children from worshiping idols." (Qur'an 14:35)
"Do not subject God's name to your casual swearing, that you may appear righteous, pious, or to get credibility among the people." (Qur'an 2:224)
"O you who believe, when the Congregational Prayer (Salat Al-Jumu`ah) is announced on Friday, you shall hasten to the commemoration of GOD, and drop all business." (Qur'an 62:9)[7]
"....and your parents shall be honored.
As long as one or both of them live, you shall never say to them, "Uff" (the slightest gesture of annoyance), nor shall you shout at them; you shall treat them amicably." (Qur'an 17:23)
"....anyone who murders any person who had not committed murder or horrendous crimes, it shall be as if he murdered all the people." (5:32)
"You shall not commit adultery; it is a gross sin, and an evil behavior." (Qur'an 17:32)
"The thief, male or female, you shall mark their hands as a punishment for their crime, and to serve as an example from God.
God is Almighty, Most Wise." (Qur'an 5:38)
"Do not withhold any testimony by concealing what you had witnessed.
Anyone who withholds a testimony is sinful at heart." (Qur'an 2:283)
"And do not want what we bestowed upon any other people.
Such are temporary ornaments of this life, whereby we put them to the test.
What your Lord provides for you is far better, and everlasting." (Qur'an 20:131)
In general, religions other than those mentioned (Judaism, Christianity,Islam) do not recognise the Ten Commandments as ethical standards.
Many of them (Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism, etc.) have similar laws or principles though.[8] In the atheist Soviet Union the Moral Code of the Builder of Communism was a set of rules that resembled the Ten Commandments.
Most Christians believe that Sunday is a special day of worship and rest.
It is there to remember the Resurrection of Jesus on the first day of the week on the Jewish calendar.
They say that there is an analogy between the obligation of the Christian day of worship and the Sabbath-day ordinance.
These two rules are not literally identical though.
They say that this ordinance is no longer valid, because God has replaced his old creation by a new one (2 Corinthians 5:17).
For this reason, the obligation to keep the Sabbath is not the same for Christians as for Jews.
They say there are examples in the New Testament, and in other writings surviving from the first few centuries.
Some conservative Christians are "Sabbatarians".
Most of these follow the Reformed traditions.
Sabbatarians think the first day of the week or Lord's Day is the new Sabbath.
This is because the 4th commandment has never been revoked and Sabbath-keeping is in any case a creation ordinance.
Still others believe that the Sabbath remains as a day of rest on the Saturday, reserving Sunday as a day of worship.
In reference to Acts 20:7, the disciples came together on the first day of the week (Sunday) to break bread and to hear the preaching of the apostle Paul.
This is not the first occurrence of Christians assembling on a Sunday; Jesus appeared to the Christians on the "first day of the week" while they were in hiding.
One can maintain this argument in that Jesus himself maintained the Sabbath, although not within the restrictions that were mandated by Jewish traditions; the Pharisees often tried Jesus by asking him if certain tasks were acceptable according to the Law (see: Luke 14:5).
This would seem to indicate that while the Sabbath was still of importance to the Jews, Sunday was a separate day for worship and teaching from Scriptures.
The Seventh-day Adventists and other churches disagree with some of these views.
They argue that the custom of meeting for worship on Sunday originated in paganism, specifically Sol Invictus and Mithraism (in which sun-god worship took place on Sunday).
This is therefore an explicit rejection of the commandment to keep the seventh day holy.
Instead, they keep Saturday as the Sabbath as a memorial to God's work of creation (Genesis 2:1–3, Exodus 20:8–11, Exodus 16:23,29–30) believing that none of the Ten Commandments can ever be destroyed (Matthew 5:17–19, Exodus 31:16).
Seventh-day Sabbatarians claim that the seventh day Sabbath was kept by the majority of Christian groups until the 2nd and 3rd century, by most until the 4th and 5th century, and a few thereafter, but because of opposition to Judaism after the Jewish-Roman wars, the original custom was gradually replaced by Sunday as the day of worship.
The history of these changes is certainly not altogether lost regardless of any belief in a suppression of the facts by a conspiracy of the pagans of the Roman Empire and the clergy of the Catholic Church.
See Great Apostasy.
Jews had come to be hated in the Roman Empire after the Jewish-Roman wars.
This led to the criminalization of the Jewish Sabbath.
Hatred of Jews is apparent in the Council of Laodicea (4th Century AD) where Canon 37–38 states: "It is not lawful to receive portions sent from the feasts of Jews or heretics, nor to feast together with them." and "It is not lawful to receive unleavened bread from the Jews, nor to be partakers of their impiety." [2] In keeping with this rejection of the Jews, this Roman council also criminalized the Jewish Sabbath as can be seen in Canon 29 of the Council Laodicea: "Christians must not Judaize by resting on the Sabbath, but must work on that day, rather honoring the Lord's Day; and, if they can, resting then as Christians.
But if any shall be found to be judaizers, let them be anathema (excommunicated) from Christ."[3]
Various translations exist of the sixth commandment; the Hebrew words ?? ???? are translated either as "thou shalt not kill" or "thou shalt not murder".
Older Protestant translations of the Bible, those based on the Vulgate and Roman Catholic translations usually translate it "Thou shalt not kill".
Jewish and newer Protestant versions tend to use "You shall not murder".
There is controversy as to which translation is more faithful, and both forms are quoted in support of ethical standpoints.
The Vulgate (Latin) translation has Non occides, i.e.
"Thou shalt not kill".
English translations using "kill" include the King James (Authorised) (1611) [although note Matthew 19:18 "do no murder", following the Vulgate non homicidium facies], the American Standard (1901) and Revised Standard (American Protestant, 1952) Versions.
Almost all Roman Catholic translations, including the Douay-Rheims Bible (1609/1752), the New American Bible (1970), the New Jerusalem Bible (1985) and the Christian Community Bible (1986), have "kill".
Martin Luther (German, 1534) also uses töten (kill).
Protestant translations using "murder" include the New International Version (American, 1978), New American Standard Bible (American, 1971), New English Bible (British Protestant, 1970), and the New King James (American, 1982), New Revised Standard (American, 1989) and English Standard (American Protestant, 2001) Versions.
Jewish translations almost all use "murder", including the Jewish Publication Society of America Version (1917), the Judaica Press tanach (1963) and the Living Torah (1981).
A Jewish exception is the Artscroll or Stone Edition tanach (1996).
The many examples in the Old Testament of killing sanctioned by God, are quoted in defense of the view that "murder" is more accurate.
Furthermore, the Hebrew word for "kill" is "???" - "harog", while the Hebrew word for "murder" is "???" - "retzach", which is found in the Ten Commandments "?? ????" - "lo tirtzach".
Many academic theologians (such as German Old Testament scholar A.
Alt: Das Verbot des Diebstahls im Dekalog (1953)) suggest that commandment "you shall not steal" was originally intended against stealing people — against abductions and slavery.
This would be the same as the Jewish interpretation of the statement as "you shall not kidnap" (e.g.
as stated by Rashi). 
The Creation of the Sun and the Mood is a fresco in the Sistine Chapel.
It was done by Michelangelo.
It shows an image of God.
Christianity says that a very important element of the commandment not to make "any image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above" is "and bow down and worship it".
Another understanding on this comes from Roman Catholicism: they hold that one may build and use "likenesses", as long as the object is not worshipped.
As a result, many Roman Catholic Churches and services feature images, some feature statues, and in some Orthodox services, icons are venerated.
For most Roman Catholics, this practice is understood as fulfilling the observance of this commandment, as they understand these images are not being worshipped.
Eastern Orthodoxy teaches that the incarnation of invisible God as a visible human, Jesus, makes it permissible and necessary to venerate icons.
For Jews and Muslims veneration violates this commandment.
Jews and Muslims read this commandment as prohibiting the use of idols and images in any way.
Some Protestants will picture Jesus in his human form, while refusing to make any image of God or Jesus in Heaven.
Very few Christians oppose the making of any images at all.
Some groups have been critical of the use others make of images in worship.
(See iconoclasm.) In particular, the Orthodox have criticized the Roman Catholic use of decorative statues, Roman Catholics have criticized the Orthodox veneration of icons, and some Protestant groups have criticized the use of stained-glass windows by many other denominations.
Jehovah's Witnesses criticize the use of all of the above, as well as the use of the cross.
Amish people forbid any sort of graven image, such as photos.
The term "Ten Commandments" without a modifier generally applies to the lists mentioned in Exodus 20 and Deuteronomy 5.
However, there is a continuous story being told starting in Exodus 31:18 (where the stones are created), Exodus 32:19 (where the tablets are broken) and Exodus 34.
This story lists a very different set of commandments.
This version is sometimes called "Ritual Decalogue".
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and the people after him who followed the documentary hypothesis, note that Exodus 34:28 seems to refer to these Ten Commandments rather than the traditional ones.
These people thought that the commandments in Exodus 20 and Deuteronomy 5 show a later set of Ten Commandments, and that the ten listed in Exodus 34 were the original Ten Commandments, now known as the Ritual Decalogue (as opposed to the better-known "Ethical Decalogue").
The differences between the two Decalogues highlight the development of sacred texts over a long time and from differing narrative traditions by incorporating two differing sets of Ten Commandments.
The commandments have influenced Jewish ethics and law and, through Judaism and Christianity, Western ethics and law since the Roman Empire.[needs proving]
The Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences, usually just called the Royal Albert Hall, is a very big building in the City of Westminster, London, England.
It was opened in 1871 by Queen Victoria and was called after her husband Prince Albert who had died ten years earlier.
The Royal Albert Hall is one of the most famous buildings in the world.
Lots of different things happen in the Royal Albert Hall (or just “RAH”): concerts for classical music or pop music, ballet, even tennis or boxing matches, or large ceremonies or parties or conferences.
In the summer the BBC Proms take place there every day.
In the early 19th century the whole area was still countryside.
In 1851 there was a Great Exhibition in Hyde Park, just next to Kensington Park opposite where the RAH now stands.
The exhibition building, called Crystal Palace, was a glass building which was just there for the exhibition.
Prince Albert had the idea that lots of proper buildings should be built in the area for the arts and sciences.
Gradually lots of buildings were built, including the Science Museum, National History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum etc.
When Prince Albert died in 1861 this plan had only just got started.
The Royal Albert Hall was built and named after him.
Queen Victoria laid the first stone.
The Royal Albert Hall is very big.
As many as 9,000 people used to get in, but now the safety rules make about 5,500 the usual number.
It is round, like an Ancient Greek or Roman amphitheatre.
This is why the floor area is called the “arena” (as in an amphitheatre).
There is a very large glass and wrought-iron dome.
It is 41m high.
Round the outside, a little lower than the roof, there is a big mosaic frieze with pictures of "The Triumph of Arts and Sciences" and some writing in terracotta letters.
It says that the first stone was laid by Her Majesty Queen Victoria on 20 May 1867 and was opened by her on 29 March 1871.
It also has some words from the Bible.
When Queen Victoria opened the building she was so emotional that she could not speak.
Her son Edward, the Prince of Wales had to say her words for her.
He said: "The Queen declares this Hall is now open".
The hall has been used for lots of important events ever since 1871.
Many of the seats are still owned by members of a Corporation which was called “the Corporation of the Hall of Arts and Sciences”.
This group had been formed in 1866 as a charity to get money to build the hall.
Its members still have a right to occupy 1,300 of the 5,200 seats.
There was a problem with the sound because there was too much echo.
It was not until 1969 that something was done about it.
Big fibreglass dishes were hung from the ceiling.
People who go to the RAH today call them “mushrooms” or sometimes “flying saucers”.
They make music sound much better.
There is a very large organ at the front of the hall.
It was built by an organ maker called Henry Willis and was later rebuilt by Harrison & Harrison and most recently by Mander Organs; It is the biggest organ in the British Isles with 9,997 pipes.
The Promenade Concerts which were started by Henry Wood in 1895 have taken place in the RAH ever since 1941 when the Queen's Hall was destroyed by bombs in World War II.
For two months there is at least one concert every day, and people can be seen queuing for standing tickets all the way down the steps towards Prince Consort Road.
People who go to the proms today can choose between standing in the arena (the flat area downstairs), or sitting in the stalls (the seats around the side of the arena), or sitting in the Loggia Boxes, Second Tier Boxes, Circle (upstairs), Choir (where the choir sit if there is one, i.e.
behind the orchestra) or standing in the gallery (at the very top).
For some events such as tennis matches or ballets or operas the action takes place in the arena, so audience do not sit or stand there.
During the last few years a lot of money has been spent on improving the Royal Albert Hall.
The 1,800 seats in the balcony (now called the “Circle”) were very uncomfortable, so new seats were put in which are slightly bigger.
The south entrance has been made into the main entrance (as it was years ago), with a porch to match the north entrance.
The area south of the hall has been blocked off to traffic and pedestrianised.
Dressing rooms (where artists change) are now on stage level instead of down in a basement.
There is an underground car park and loading area so that lorries bringing things do not need to unload in the street and get in the way of the people.
Lots of other improvements have been made, including better ventilation.
The Royal Albert Hall today looks very smart indeed.

