Start experiment.
Show both perspectives.
Both perspectives.
Insert file 22.txt.

First perspective.
Start story titled "Herodiade".

Herodiade is a person.
Herode is a person.
Salome is a person.
Jean is a person.

Sense of pity is a virtue.
Sense of duty is a virtue.

Herode is a king.
Herodiade is Salome's mother. Herodiade sent Salome away when Herodiade married Herode.
Salome is a dancer and Salome comes back to the city.
Herodiade denies that Herodiade is Salome's mother.
Salome is looking for Salome's mother.
Salome loves Jean.
Jean is a prophet.
Salome tells Jean that Salome loves Jean.
Jean tells Salome of greater love.

Herodiade tries to convince Herode to prosecute Jean because Jean claims Herodiade is vicious.
Herode refuses to prosecute Jean because Jean has many followers and because Herode is in charge of peace in Herode's kingdom.

Herode orders soldiers to arrest Jean and Herode tries to convince Jean to help Herode in Herode's political affairs.
Jean refuses to help Herode.

Herode is passionate about Salome.
Herode proclaims his passion to Salome.
Salome rejects Herode because Salome loves Jean.

Herode orders soldiers to kill Jean because Herode is passionate about Salome and because Salome loves Jean.
Herode loses sense of duty because Herode orders soldiers to kill Jean and because Herode is in charge of peace.

Salome asks Herode to kill Salome with Jean. Soldier proclaims that Jean is dead.
Salome tries to stab Herodiade.
Herodiade admits that Herodiade is Salome's mother.
Then, Salome kills herself.

The end.

Second perspective.
Start story titled "Salome by Oscar Wilde".

Herodiade is a person.
Herode is a person.
Salome is a person.
Jean is a person.

Sense of pity is a virtue.
Sense of duty is a virtue.

Herode is a king.
Herodiade is Salome's mother. 
Herodide is Herode's wife.

Jean is a prisoner.
Salome becomes passionate about Jean.
Salome wants to touch Jean and Salome wants to kiss Jean because Salome is passionate about Jean.
Salome tries to seduce Jean but Jean rejects Salome.

Salome loses sense of pity because Salome wants to kiss Jean and because Jean rejects Salome..

Salome asks Herode to give her Jean's head because Salome loses sense of pity and because Salome wants to kiss Jean.

Herode orders soldiers to kill Jean because Salome asks Herode to give her Jean's head.
Herode is terrified because Salome kisses Jean's head.
Herode orders soldiers to kill Salome because Herode is terrified.

The end.