Piece of cake is tasty if piece of cake is the sweet.
Clothes are ironed if clothes are ironed.
The helmet is safer if the helmet is made of  hard material to protect your head from a blow.
The quarter is change you are saving if the quarter is put in a jar.
The boiler is off if the stove is turned off.
Iron frying pan is hot if the pan is used.
Ref is effective at stopping the game if the whistle is loud.
The highlighter is dry if the highlighter is used a lot.
Time is unknown if clock timer is not set.
The thread is sewn up if the thread is stitched.
Snooker game is playable if snooker table is set up.
The book is interesting if the book is well written.
Medicine is ineffective if medicine is expired.
Music is distorted if stereo speaker is not providing good sound.
The receiver is discharged if the receiver is not on cordless base.
The video is on if video recorder is scheduled to record video.
The easel is holding a painting if the easel is set up.
The pet is hungry if food is not enough.
The phone number is a part of the phone book if the phone number is stored.
Spices are organized if spice box is holding spices.
The peel is garbage if kiwi fruit is peeled.
The pea is edible if the pea is ripe.
The kid is asleep if the kid is sleeping.
The occupant is chilled if the room is cold.
The calculator is powered by solar if the calculator is solar.
The hand is burned if china coffee cup on a saucer is not too hot.
The drink is tasty if the drink is popular.
The comforter is comfortable to sleep on if the comforter is warm.
Hot water knob is turned on if the bath is needed.
The table is messy if dinning table is dirty.
The shelf is dirty if the counter top is dusty.
Tea is brewed if the kettle is hot.
The deposit is the invalid if pop can is crushed.
The bedsheet is covering the bed if the bedsheet is on the bed.
Loveseat is unoccupied if the person is getting up from loveseat.
The person is making lemonade if lemons are in season.
The copier is ready to use if the copier is on.
The bench is freshly painted if the painter is finished painting.
The radio signal is hard to detect if the day is overcast.
Roulette wheel is the spinning if the person is in the casino.
Ice is melting if the day is warm and sunny.
Large group is friendly if icebreaker is held.
Pants are needed to be lengthened if pant suit is short.
The room is relaxing if the furniture is arranged properly.
The monitor is dark if the computer is turned off.
The paper is ripped if the napkin is wet.
The spill is disappeared if the cleaner is applied to spill.
The container is well sealed if the lid is tight.
The memo is the current if the bulletin board is updated.
The internet access is unaccessible if the modem is down.
The chocolate mousse is Rich if real butter is used.
The kitchen is cleaner if dishes are washed.
Tool chest is having all the tools if tool chest is heavy.
Ink is absorbed if the blotter is dry.
Filet of fish is raw if the filet is the cut.
The curtain is the plain if the curtain is bleached.
The fridge is too cold if the temperature is turned down.
The wheelchair is rolling properly if the wheel is unlocked.
The person is attracting attention if the foot is stomped.
The thumbtack is on the pin board if the tack is used.
The sewing machine is threaded if piece of cotton is put thriugh the eye of the needle.
The envelope is expensive if the envelope is self-sealing.
The cocktail is mixed if the cocktail is ready.
Boots are piled on the ground if boot rack is not arranged.
Baby seat is wet if the infant is peeing.
The person is full if the bowl is empty.
The globe is stopped if earth globe is the spinning.
Next page is printed if the book is the printing.
The fan is off if the room is cool.
The balloon is in the sky if the balloon is airborne.
Light dimmer is too dim if the knob is turned too far.
The paper towel is absorbent if the floor is wet.
Salad is eaten if salad tongs is clean.
The drink is tasted if the cranberry juice is delicious.
Glass of tea is cold if glass of tea is left outside.
The candle is fragrant if the candle is scented.
The person is full if the croissant is eaten.
Beanbag chair is leaking its stuffing if beanbag chair is burst.
The magazine is thrown away if trade magazine is outdated.
Dishes are washed if the dishwasher is finished.
The stick is put away if walking stick is in the closet.
The bowl is used to hold the chips if chips are poured into a bowl.
Speakers are decent if the stereo is high fidelity.
Dinner is cooked if the family is hungry.
The house is noisy if grandfather clock is given as present.
Power is unstable if bulb socket is sparking.
People are afraid if the power outage is happening.
Food is warm if the freezer is not cold.
Motocycle is running smoothly if the motorcycle is running smoothly.
Lot of data is stored in computer if data are stored in computer.
The toilet is clogged if the toilet is clogged.
The dvd player is having a remote if the dvd player is easy to use.
The drinker is parched if the cup is empty.
The damper is open if the fire is lit.
The binder is heavy if the binder is full.
The pipe is clogged if the pipe is clogged with hair.
The futon is sleeping if the futon is used to sleep.
The garden tool is used to cut branches if the tool is used tor planting.
Ice is frozen if water is put in the freezer.
The bowl is clean if the dishwasher is working.
The tent is folded if the tent is disassembled.
The URL is clicked if url address is clicked on.
The meal is enjoyable if the staff is friendly.
Xmas tree is green if the christmas tree is watered.
The portrait is hanging on the wall if frane is anchored.
The child is bike riding if safety helmet is worn on head.
The message is the left if indicator light is blinking.
The fruit is cut in half if the blade is the cutting.
Wood is the cut if table saw is used to cut wood.
Salad is Mae if salad  bar is full.
Pizza is ready to serve if pizza cutter is used to cut pizza.
Tea kettle is not liftable with bare hands if the kettle is hot.
The meal is tasty if the bun is fresh.
The computer is slower if lot of data is stored in computer.
The plant is beautiful if the plant is blossoming.
The shingle is on the roof if the shingle is hung.
The day is bright and cheery if the breeze is blowing.
The jewelry box is full of diamonds if the couple is romantic.
The dvd player is plugged into a television if the movie is played.
Electric mixer is pureeing vegetables if mixer is the mixing.
The mop is needed if the floor is dirty.
The panel is hard to handle if panel of insulation is thin.
The bedsheet is folded if the bedsheet is ironed.
Ac adapter is functional if ac adapter is working right.
The jelly is tasty if the jelly is very sweet.
Toy train is operational if toy train is running.
Police are on to you if the heat is on.
The muffin is warm if the Sun is focused.
Sugar is a mess if bag of sugar is torn.
The drinker is happy if the beer mug is full of beer.
The text is invisible if the eraser is used to erase text.
Blank tape is needed if video recorder is scheduled to record video.
Eyes are irritated if pair of boots is shining.
The schedule is on time if time clock is on time.
The smell is apparent if garbage bin is open.
Stuffed rabbit is dusty if stuffed rabbit is neglected.
Roll of toilet paper is in the bathroom if the paper is is used up.
The bulb is garbage if the bulb is burned out.
Spanking stick is necessary if the child is rambunctious.
The person is away from her desk for a while if the status is away.
Pizza is hot if pizza is heated.
The cucumber is the sweet if the cucumber is pickled.
The peanut butter is tasty if jar of peanut butter is fresh.
Bowl with crayons is full if the bowl is filled with crayons.
The seat is more comfortable if the cushion is thick.
Small children is playing if small children is bored.
The volume is low if the sound is soft.
The table is neat again if cards are stored away.
Water is soapy if dish detergent is bubbly.
The bar is eaten if the chocolate bar is tasty.
Rolodex is able to be used to locate clients if rolodex is filled with addresses.
The locker is used to store belongings if lockeer is rented.
The drink is cold if the ice cube is added.
The pie is hot if the pie is baked in the oven.
The jacket is warm if wearer is exercising.
The toy is having sharp edges if the toy is broken.
Door mat is wet if the door is leaking and it is raining outside.
The plumber is fixing the toilet if the plumber is fixing toiled.
Pasta is delicious if italian meal is cooked well.
Bag of chips is open if bag of chips is ripped.
Pair of socks is clean if pair of socks is clean.
The drink is good if the drink is thirstquenching.
The baseball bat is hard if the baseball bat is seasoned.
The board game is boaring if the game is fun.
The table is more beautiful if ornamental vase is on the table.
The boot is dragged if hiking boots are heavy.
Dirty dishes is loaded in dishwasher if the dishwasher is used.
Knife set is dull if the knife is used a lot.
The floor is visible if kids room is clean.
The baby is quiet if the baby is fed.
The dirt is in room if the dirt is tracked in.
The face is washed if the person is waking up in the morning.
The binder is full if the binder is filled.
The glass is empty if the drink is spilt.
The dial tone is not heard if the cord is the cut.
The thumbtack is used if the thumbtack is used for holding up pictures.
The text is erased if the eraser is used to erase text.
Umbrella stand is full of umbrellas if the umbrella is put into the umbrella stand.
The shower is on if the tap is turned on.
The sandwich is tasty if the peanut butter is with jelly.
Hairblower is at the right temperature if harblower is warmed up.
The bath is ready if the bathtub is filled.
The voice is harsh if the sickness is there.
The pitcher is filled with water if the pitcher is full.
Kleenex box is having tissue if the box is new.
The tableware is dirty if dinner is eaten.
The futon is opened if the futon is used to sleep.
The radio is off if the radio signal is hard to detect.
The fence is able to be closed if the gate is having a latch.
The shower curtain is plastic if cost of material is expensive.
The web browser is able to view internet pages if the connection is established.
The project is done quite fast if inkjet pinter is used to print term papers.
The washing machine is full with clothes if load of laundry is large.
Moniter is black if the computer is turned off.
The charger is unpluged if the charger is full charged.
The silver is tarnished if silver candle holder is dirty.
The strap is tight if guitar strap is too small.
The floor is swept if the broom is used to sweep.
Pocket multi-tool is handy if multi-tool is containing many tools.
The alcoholic is sad if wine bottle is unopened.
The laundry is dirty if bunch of clothes is worn.
Money is stolen if the wallet is left outside.
Searching for a pad of paper is done if pad of paper is handy.
The power tool is unmovable if the power tool is heavy.
The cart is full if the cart is full of food.
The hamper is large if the hamper is widened.
Gas range is cooking food if the burner is lit.
Angles are measurable if the protractor is accurate.
Paint is wet if paint is newly applied.
The fishing pole is having bait if the fishing pole is ready to use.
The person is thorough if the act is done well.
The stove is hot if the stove is burning.
The drain is clean if drain opener is poured into the drain.
The web is accessible if the Internet is working.
The person is smiling if the compliment is given.
The trash is more full if the dustpan is emptied in the trash.
The snack is healthy if the snack is low in salt, fat, and sugar.
Coffee is served if the teacup is cracked.
Wood is flammable if piece of wood is dry.
The parent is worried if the child is depressed.
The goblet is having drink if the person is drinking.
Milk is spoiled if milk is spoiled.
The can opener is used if the can is needs to be opened.
Cleaning supplies is spilled if the cart is tipped over.
Rolling pin is in the kitchen if the person is making tortilla.
Frozen meat is fresh if meat is warmed.
The environment is cleaner if recycle bin is filled.
Pair of sandals is unmatched if the sandal is thrown away.
Coffee is no good if cup of coffee is cold.
The draft is edited if the document is undergoing revisions.
The tire is not having sufficient pressure if the tire is low.
The key is used to lock the doors if the key is for the doors.
Cue stick is broken if the fight is in a pool hall.
Paint tray is messy if the child is engaged.
The snack is needed if the child is hungry.
The room is dark if dark colour is painted on the walls.
The cartridge is economical if print cartridge is refillable.
Calender is out of date if the calendar is for last year.
Switch board is sparking if the switchboard is shorting.
The trip is interesting if the sight is seen.
The cat is sleeping if the cat is fallen asleep.
The box is useless if first aid box is empty.
The web browser is fast if the web browser is upgraded.
Outside is visible if blinds are open.
The damper is closed if the lid is shut.
Home is cold if the heater is broken.
Curtains are clsoed if the window is covered.
Hot tea is served if tea is freshly made.
The leather is shiny if pair of boots is clean.
The junk mail is trashed if the letter is not from someone i know.
Wine is served if the cork is removed.
The child is hungry if the child is refusing to eat.
The helmet is broken if the helmet is hit with a hammer.
The game is on a shelf in the family room if the game is boring.
The friend is a nice person if the friend is thoughtful.
The kleenex is soiled if the person is sick.
The house is available to walk into if the door is unlocked.
The temperature is low if the object is placed in the fridge.
The frying pan is hot if the pan is on the stove.
Flowers are fresh if the bouquet is picked this morning.
The dictionary is the current if the dictionary is updated with recent words.
The setting is complete if set of dinner plates is arranged on dining table.
The folding chair is stuck if the folding chair is in the mud.
Calls are unanswered if cordless phone is not charged.
The document is saved if tablet pc is used to edit document.
The box is the container if the box is used to pack.
Hot tea is served if the cup is filled with tea.
The burger is cooked if the burger is heated past 125 degrees f.
Vacuum attachment is needed if the curtain is dirty.
Card table is messy if poker game is over.
The person is sad if the human is bored.
The room is filled with mosquitoes if screen door is open.
See-saw is unbalanced if the father is trying to ride the see-saw with a small child.
Flowers are dry if the vase is without water.
Flowers are watered if pot of flowers is wilted.
The bed is ready to use if baby basket is in the nursery.
Volume knob is turned up if the radio is louder.
Iron base is cold if the base is chilled.
Pearl necklace is beautiful if pearl necklace is cleaned.
The chocolate bar is melted if the chocolate bar is left on the dashboard.
The kid is fed if peanut butter sandwich is made for kid.
The bath is refreshing if the bath is drawn.
The shirt is ironed if the shirt is pressed.
The room is dangerous if the floor is slippery.
The knob is used to open a door if the knob is turned to the right.
The quantity is accurage if the scale is accurate.
The pencil is sharpened if the pencil is inserted into an electric pencil sharpener.
The person is squinty if reading lamp is bright.
The letter is pulled out if the envelope is torn.
Photocopy machine is able to copy books if paper bin is totally full.
The stove is not used if kitchen range is broken.
Shampoo bottle is accessible if shampoo bottle is in the shower.
The chess set is arranged if the chess set is played on.
The tent is folded if the tent is packed up.
The worker is nervous if the manager is strict.
Chalk board is erased if chalk board is cleaned.
The human is happy if money is made.
The dining room is decorated if silver candle holder is in a dining room.
The trash receptacle is full if lot of stuff is in the receptacle.
The flow is impeded if the filter is blocked.
Bacteria are dangerous if food is not cooked properly.
The hose is leaking if the hose is broken.
Braclet is fitted if the bracelet is the right size.
The kitten is fed if the kitten is hungry.
The recipient is ignorant of the letter's contents if the letter is unopened.
The bed is warm if the comforter is soft.
The kettle is hot if the burner is on.
The cell phone is connected if the call is made.
The drink is stiff if the rum is put in a mixed drink.
The textbook is used if the textbook is test edition.
Lettuce is juicy if salad is fresh.
Copy machine is supplied if ream of paper is in a copy machine.
Silver candle holder is covered with melted wax if the candle is burning.
The CD PLAYER is open if the CD is changed out.
The bean is grounds if coffee grinder is working.
Photo album is filled with pictures if roll of film is developed.
The bug is harmful if the bug is toxic.
The padlock is used to lock bicycle if the padlock is used.
The scanner is used to scan a picture if the PHOTO is needing to me emailed.
The stork is floating if the stork is near a pond.
The bike is maintainted if the bike is old.
The car is a friction toy if the toy car is able to roll.
The meal is eaten if the meal is eaten.
The laptop is unusable if laptop battery is discharged.
Clothes dryer is off if dryer door is opened.
The rose is good smelling if the rose is fresh.
The person is sleepy if the person is relaxed.
The floor is sticky if the floor is dirty.
The telephone is useful in different rooms if the telephone is cordless.
Lunch bucket is empty if the laborer is very hungry.
Floppy drive is empty if floppy drice is having no files.
The infant is being held if the child is being carried.
The child is noisy if the child is noisy.
The paper is cut easily if scissors are sharp.
Flower bouquet is lovely if the arrangement is designed.
The dog is wanting to chew it if the nightstand is real wood.
The child is frustrated if the game is on a shelf in the family room.
The gun is hot if the bullet is the shot.
The croissant is cold if the croissant is left out.
The call is easily completed if the telephone number is correct.
The kitchen is more convenient if utility drawer is stocked.
The teacher is distracted if the person is annoying.
The flame is low if the flame is dying.
The utensil is used for cooking if the device is the spoon.
Meat is dinner if frozen meat is fresh.
The luggage is having wheels if air steward is experienced.
Cleaning supplies is spilled if cleaning supplies is kicked over.
The stroller is put away if the stroller is folded.
Parents are relaxed if the child is happy.
The bag is full if rucksack is used for carrying stuff.
The listener is happy if the jukebox is playing your favorite song.
Calender is wated if the calendar is the current.
The bike is used if exercise bike is in the excercise room.
The carrot is refrigerated if the carrot is in the refrigerator.
The flute is placed in music room if the musician is in the room.
The pot is pretty if bunch of tulips in living room is planted in the pot.
The kid is a mess if the crayon is used for coloring.
The shower is on if the person is getting ready for work.
Curtians is clean if cleanser is safe to use on the curtain.
The organizer is purchased if file organizer is full.
The floor mat is soft if the floor mat is woolen.
Three piece suit is drycleaned if the suit is in need of cleaning.
The air conditioner is unnecessary if the room is cold.
The key is unuseable if the key is misplaced.
The watch is on time if the clock is adjusted.
Tea is ready to drink if the teapot is making a whistling sound.
The baby is sleepy if the stroller is comfortable.
The television is having news if the news is breaking.
Dishes are lying on table if the table is the set.
The filter is ready to change if the filter is dirty.
The olive is on the snack tray if can of olives is available.
High chair is operable if high chair is having a tray.
The ID is irrelevant if the ID is old.
Milk is nutritious if milk is fresh.
The floor mat is needing to be dried if the floor mat is wet.
The employee is busy if the workstation is busy.
The pipe is clogged if wad of paper is flushed.
The basin is unused if washbasin is dirty.
The CD is able to be burned if the CD BURNER is working properly.
The nose is blown if kleenex box is having tissue.
The person is thorough if the person is obsessive-compulsive.
The garbage can is outside if the garbage can is taken out.
The message is important if the caller is adamant about it.
The friend is difficult to reach if the friend is getting hard to contact.
Bread is sliced if bread is served.
Pair of shoes is shiny if pair of shoes is Polished.
The boiler is off if the room is the right temperature.
Neighbors are annoyed if the dog is barking.
The cutting board is made of wood if the log is turned into a cutting board.
The cigarette is lit if the cigarette is hot.
Framed picture is professionally framed and matted if the picture is professionally framed.
The umbrella is useful if weather is rainy.
Button's function is activated if the button is pushed on.
The roof is protective if the roof is leak-proof.
The mind is bright if lego is used to encourage imagination.
The room is messy if the junk is on the floor.
The game is played again if video game is fun.
Cell phone's battery is low if cell phone battery is low.
The space heater is warm if the heater is plugged in.
New business is listed if the phone book is printed.
Person eating the steak is happy if the steak is tasty.
The pea is the sweet if the pea is ripe.
The spring is compressed if the spring is tied down.
The room is neater if the coffee table is clean.
The shampoo is applied on the hair if the hair is dirty.
The pet is hungry if the pet is neglected.
Clothes dryer is drying clothes if the button is pressed.
The meal is eaten if the meal is delicious.
Asprin is bad if bottle of aspirin is expired.
Tube of toothpaste is in a bathroom if the person is brushing their teeth in the bathroom.
Modem connection is broken if the modem is unplugged.
The recipe is easy to follow if the recipe is divided into simple steps.
The salary is desired if the salary is increased.
The bride is beautiful if the dress is white.
Daiquiri is too strong if lot of alcohol is put into a daiquiri.
The bungee cord is shorter than needed if the bridge is higher than expected.
Hot tea is served if tea cup is filled.
Videotape is possible evidence if videotape is recorded.
Pepper is difficult to use if pepper is strong.
Wall mirror is smudged if gazer is gooey.
The cord is tangled if the cord is not wound up.
The disk is formatted if the disk is unformatted.
The answering machine is turned off if the power switch is turned off.
The face is smiling if the baby is seen.
Walkie talkie is used while travelling if walkie talkie is turned on.
The globe is replaced if desktop globe is outdated.
The match is burning if the match is lit.
The screwdriver is the right size if head of the screwdriver is changeable.
The desk is large enough if the desk is linked to the next desk.
The antique is valuable if the antique is rare.
Sitter is relaxed if the stool is comfortable.
Socket wrench is cracked if socket wrench is abused.
The umbrella is waterproof if the umbrella is slick.
Shave is difficult if razors blade is used up.
The scent is adorned if perfume bottle is smelling good.
The bulb is burned out if the lightbulb is used for a long period of time.
The helmet is for safety if the helmet is made of  hard material to protect your head from a blow.
The scorpion is in the house if the door is left open.
Food is spilled if food is thrown.
The breeze is blowing if the breeze is picking up.
The machine is in need of emptying if punching machine is filled with paper bits.
The rider is safer if safety helmet is worn on head.
The car is desirable if the car engine is powerful.
Coatstand is in the way if the door is open.
The credit card is expired if the credit card is outdated.
The motor is stalled if the chainsaw is out of gas.
The stamp is stuck with glue if the letter is posted.
The wind is blowing if the wind is blowing.
Rocking horse is in baby room if rocking horse is for the baby.
The screw is having a philips head if the screw is standard size.
The clock is wound up if grandfather clock is inaccurate.
The computer is occupied if the computer is in use.
The attache case is stolen if the businessman is careless.
The can opener is useful if the can opener is sharp.
The vision is blurred if spectacles are broken.
The scale is not marked properly if the scale is broken.
The board game is missing pieces if the board game is old.
The pen is put away if pencap is on a pen.
The eye is strained if computer display is too bright.
The string is put away if ball of string is rolled up.
The picture frame is more attractive if the picture frame is stylish.
An infant is crying if the infant is ill.
The tank is filled with water if the aquarium is maintained.
The garden is free of weeds if the gardener is employed.
Glass of  water is offered to visitor if the person is thirsty.
The mouth is watery if slice of watermelon is the sweet.
The suitcase is arranged if the suitcase is dumped upside down.
The writing is thick if lead of pencil is blunt.
The newspaper is outdated if new edition is printed.
The giver is proud if the gift is beautiful.
Sneezer is happy if new tissue box is open.
Wine is expensive if wine is aged.
The kid is happy if ice cream truck is in the neighborhood.
The magazine is interesting if the magazine is glossy.
Footrest is comfortable if the foot is the sore.
Computer display is not clear if computer display is placed next to a large speaker.
Pair of gloves is warm if a person is wearing a pair of gloves for a long time.
Cold drink is wanted if cold drink is chilled.
Reading glasses are of proper magnification if reading glasses are selecting carefully.
The plug is inserted in electricity socket if the appliance is purchased.
Crafter is wealthy if the craft is precious.
Children are hungry if the stomach is grawling.
Coupl is cuddling if loveseat is cosy.
Thumb pin is on the notice board if thumb pin is stuck on the notice board.
Framed picture is straight if the picture is leveled.
The batter is perfect if pancake maker is used to make pancakes.
The cookie is soft if the cookie is soft.
The camera is digital if the camera is not using film.
The coffee table is unsanitary if the coffee table is dirty.
The worker is reminded if the memo is stored for future use.
The band is stretched if elastic band is stretchable.
The copy is made if the key is the cut.
Lamp shade is dismantled if the shade is made.
Fingernail clipper is clipping nails if the fingernail is too long.
Children are fed if soup is cooled down for children.
Conference table is big if conference table is adjusted to its full length.
Tape for sealing is self adhesive if the tape is expensive.
The bench is used if the bench is occupied.
The kitten is a good pet if the kitten is friendly.
Fire sprinkler is accidently activated if the match is lit under a sensor.
The disc is pirated if the DVD is region free.
The freezer is not cold if electric is off.
The product is the safe if the seal is intact.
The hair is washed if bottle of shampoo is in the shower.
Rollerskater is faster than a walking person if rollerskates is used for skating.
Sterilizer is used to sterilize baby bottles if set of baby bottles is put into a sterilizer.
The trip is fun if the vacation is taken.
The lamp is exposed if lamp shade is dismantled.
The jug is the trash if jug of milk is empty.
The strawberry is the sweet if the strawberry is placed in sugar.
The phone is inoperable if the dial tone is not heard.
Dishes are done if dish washer is open.
Washbasin is chocked if the basin is filled.
Mixer is fast spinning if mixer is fast spinning.
Bouncy-ball is bouncing if the ball is thrown.
The frame is matches the furniture if the fame is the custom.
The person is tall if the person is well fed.
The person is opening the can if the person is using a can opener.
The raincoat is dry if the raincoat is hung.
Exercise machine is sweated on if person has been runing on a treamill and is sweating from exercise.
The guitar is out of tune if the guitar is broken string.
The vacuum is full if vacuum cleaner is clogged with dirt.
Party cake is being served if party cake is being served.
The clock is a present if grandfather clock is given as present.
The glue is dry if the glue is left to sit.
Laundary room is full if the laundry room is filled with cloth line.
Spectacles are broken if spectacles are shattered.
The cable is shielded if the cable is the cut.
The omelet is tastey if cheese is added to an omelet.
The person is not matching if pajama top is not matching with pajama.
Dinner table is arranged if the table is the set.
Food is cooked if the stove is used.
Chocolate chip cookie is tasty if chocolate chip cookie is done baking.
Gingerbread cookies is dry if the cookie is left out.
The sound is low if headphones are used instead of speakers.
The box is reusable if the box is in good condition.
The jacket is waterproof if the jacket is waterproof.
Piece of art is displayed in showcase if piece of art is beautiful.
Fibers are waterfree if the mop is dry.
Soft-drink can is recycled if soft-drink can is crushed.
The egg is cooked if the egg is in hot water.
The person is drinking if glass of orange juice is served.
The can is heavy if oil can is full of oil.
Pepper is flour-coated and deep-fried if the recipe is completed.
The pipe is flexible if the pipe is the fabric.
Clothes are ironed if steam iron is used.
The surface is smooth if hand brushing its surface is unable to feel obstructions.
The omelet is tasty if cheese is added to an omelet.
Cushion mattress is soft if matress is well made.
Tape cassette is filled with melodious songs if the song is recorded.
Magazine holder is holding magazine if magazine holder is stocked.
The table is safe from rings if the coaster is below a glass.
Large group is friendly if the person is happy.
The door is broken if the door is unlocked.
The room is brighter if the lamp is bright.
The host is angry if the visitor is late.
The kid is done with homework if school project is completed.
The movie is unwatchable if movie dvd is scratched.
The clothing is treated or needs to be discarded if the cloth is having stains.
Flatware is set up on dining table if dinner is about to be served.
The person is tired if the workstation is busy.
Stamp on envelope is of insufficient value if postage rate is raised.
The form is neat if the typewriter is being used to fill a form.
Person's head is protected if bike helmet is sturdy.
Computer desk is sturdy if computer desk is made of wood.
Cards are shuffled if the dealer is mixing up the cards.
The dartboard is harder to use if the dartboard is too high.
The tool is having blunt blade if the edge is dulled.
Ink is on the paper if the pen is the writing.
Glass of window is broken if the rock is tossed at a glass window.
The hearth is swept if the hearth is dirty.
The game is fun if gamepad is intuitive.
The person is hollering if bell at customer service counter is missing.
The noise is annoying if ergonomic chair is squeaking.
The laughter is loud if the face mask is funny.
The voice is pleasant if the voice is singing.
Door mat is dirty if pair of dirty shoes is wiped on the door mat.
Reading desk is full of papers if the person is a big reader.
The shower is warm if the shower is heated up.
The orange is peeled if the orange is fresh.
Sofa set is comfortable if sofa set is comfortable.
The mat is used if pair of boots is clean.
The gutter is giving foul smell if the gutter is full of garbage.
Ball of string is rolled if ball of string is rolled up.
The child is happy if bouncy-ball is bouncing.
The cap is comfortable if the cap is fitting properly.
Flowers are thrown away if pot of flowers is wilted.
The root is alive if the root is alive.
The leaf is brightly colored if the season is the fall.
The ball is the flat if basketball is thrown.
Grapes are not clean if grapes are not washed.
The vcr is not showing movie properly if tape head is dirty.
The spice is crushed if morter and pestle is used for pounding into powder.
The hi-fi is producing good sound if the speaker is good.
Garbage is smelly if garbage is smelly.
The racket is emptied if the racket is unstrung.
The call is important to answer if persons name and number is displayed on caller id.
The song is pleasant to listen to if the song is having good 