Dining chair should be ergonomic if dining chair is overly crowded and ugly.
The bowling ball should be not dragged if the bowling ball is dragged.
The restroom should be cleaned if the restroom is dirty.
Want a night's sleep should be recuperative if the mattress is comfortable.
Towl should be used if stairs are wet.
The show should be intriguing if the channel is interesting.
The slice should be large if the melon is juicy.
The mat should be shook hard if dirt from door mat is dusted out.
The chair should be less soft if loveseat is too soft.
The border should be accurate if the border is outlined.
The person should be able to put the laundry away for you if load of laundry is clean.
The cake should be short cake if the berry is the sweet.
The rotor should be stopped if the rotor is too hot.
Plyers should be in a toolkit if plyers is lost.
Nights sleep should be undisturbed if the bed is comfortable.
The folder should be protective if files are important.
Dinner should be ready to eat if the dining table is the set.
The group should be large if the group is small.
The trash can should be usable if the trash can is empty.
Flat tire should be near the air pump if flat tire is a problem.
The map should be new if the map is outdated.
The driver should be alerted if the driver is inattentive.
The shower should be cold if the shower is warm.
The screwdriver should be unused if the screwdriver is unsafe.
The kite should be yours if the kite is aerodynamic.
Swim suit should be needed for swimming if swim suit is too small.
Lid of wine bottle should be closed if lid of wine bottle is agitated.
Mail cart should be not having outgoing mail if mail cart is having outgoing mail.
The table should be the set if the centerpiece is pretty.
Writing pad should be used if writing pad is written on.
Pizza should be the cut if pizza cutter is used to cut pizza.
The fireman should be working if the fire is burning in the house.
The greenhouse effect should be the present if the greenhouse effect is not present.
Snooker table should be not occupied if snooker table is occupied.
The platter should be dirty if the platter is clean.
Bottle of wine should be corcked if bottle of wine is left alone.
Measurements should be accurate if measurements are incorrect.
Rolodex should be outdated if contact list is older than your children.
The object should be easy to clean if the dust is collect on an object.
The band-aid should be close by if the can opener is sharp.
The patient should be with the doctor if the patient is waiting a long time.
Wood should be the cut if miter saw is cutting wood.
The task should be completed if the task is necessary.
The shoe should be clean if the floor mat is clean.
The aquarium should be cleaned if the aquarium is dirty.
The dog should be rewarded if the dog is obedient.
Braclet should be fitted if the bracelet is loose.
Dish washer should be running if the cup is dirty.
The desk should be cluttered if the desk is too neat.
Old-time loveseat should be comfortable if old-time loveseat is in the den.
Study table should be full of books if study table is full of dirt.
The boyfriend should be Rich if ear-ring is with diamonds.
The stapler should be used a lot if the stapler is unused.
The person should be able to tutor you if the test is hard.
Glass cup should be empty if glass cup is full.
Dimmer should be lowered if dimmer is too bright.
Lawn chair should be clean if lawn chair is on the lawn.
The coat should be just as warm if leather coat is warm.
Milk should be cold if the cookie is soft.
The carrot should be yours if the carrot is in the refrigerator.
The parcel should be taped if the parcel is not taped.
The shelf should be occupied if the shelf is impatient.
Tube of toothpaste should be in your room if tube of toothpaste is in a bathroom.
Step stool should be in proper condition if step stool is damaged.
The comforter should be not folded if the comforter is folded neatly.
The plunger should be useful if the plunger is nessecary.
Hard hat should be put on a head if the head is hurt from things falling on your head.
The glass should be full of water if the person is exhausted.
The display case should be big enough for dishes and silverware if the silverware is shining.
Children should be playing in the room if the yard is cold.
The printer should be ready to print if the printer is not ready.
Writing pad should be empty if writing pad is full of notes.
Pliers should be used to twist objects if pliers are used to hold small objects.
The baby should be covered in diaper rash if the baby is covered in poop.
New task should be not going to involve the broom if new task is going to invlolve spray.
The hot chocolate should be a warm drink if the fireplace is having logs burning.
The slide projector should be projecting slides if the slide projector is stuck.
The dustpan should be put away if the broom is put away.
Mixed drink should be filled with ice if mixed drink is completely liquid.
The picture frame should be straight if framed picture on the wall is tilted.
Piece of fish should be able to be eaten if piece of fish is not able to be eaten.
The alarm should be the set if time clock is exact.
The snack should be salty if the dessert is the sweet.
The toothbrush should be new if the toothbrush is used to brush teeth.
The dog should be hungry if dogfood dish is full of dog food.
Bassinet should be unsafe and uncomfortable if bassinet is safe and comfortable.
The job should be pays better if the profession is not of person's choice.
Piece of clothing should be comfortable if piece of clothing is too tight.
Vacuum cleaner should be much stronger if mini vaccuum cleaner is not strong enough.
The CD should be legal if the CD is pirated.
Suds should be easy to make if suds are accessable.
The lunch box should be fixable if lunchbox is broken.
Ashtry should be emptied if the ashtray is filled with ash.
Food spilled on the floor should be contaminated if food spilled on the floor is moldy.
Eye drops should be soothing to the eyes if the eye is irritated.
Hiking boots should be required if hiking boots are worn.
Heater's power should be turned off if heater's power is turned too high.
The helmet should be broken if the helmet is repaired.
Speech to record should be interesting if the tape recorder is loaded.
Clean surface should be available if work desk is organized.
The kit should be purchased if the kit is outdated.
Swivel fan should be turned on for to long if swivel fan is needed.
The microwave should be fast if dinner is cold.
The theft should be occurring if the theft is the present.
Electric cord should be safe to be used if electric cord is dangerous.
Jack in the box should be a surprise if jack in the box is expected.
The room should be chilled if table fan is swiveling.
Hair brush should be not cleaned regularly if hair brush is icky.
The eye should be impaired if the eye is sensitive.
The person should be cooking if the person is the cook.
Shower knob should be turned on if shower knob is turned off.
Young child should be called at house if young child is called at hospital.
Pallete should be bright if pallette is dull.
The project should be fun if tool box is organized.
The webpage should be bookmarked if the website is popular.
Office chair should be comfortable if office chair is uncomfortable.
Pair of hands should be clean if bacteria are alive.
The job should be easier if the manager is strict.
The person should be introduced to the receptionist if the person is new.
Artificial plant should be beautiful if artificial plant is dirty.
The sole should be thin if the sole is tattered.
Bike helmet should be sturdy if bike helmet is damaged.
Food should be frozen if food is cooked.
The fire should be raging if the fire is too small.
The sink should be dirty if the sink is clean.
Camping trip should be to try it out if the compass is used to find north.
Mixer switch should be turned on if electricity supply to the mixer is switched off.
Ping-pong players should be better if ping-pong players is not very good.
The hairstyle should be special if cosmetics are matching dress.
The bird should be a pet if the kiwi is flying.
Bowl of fruit should be full with fruits if bowl of fruit is empty.
The TV should be working if the TV is broken.
Bottle of beer should be cracked if bottle of beer is leaking.
Apple Computer should be not running if it is running.
Files should be looked for if files are lost.
Water heater temperature should be not adjusted if water heater temperature is messed with.
The cap should be tight if the cap is loose.
Rubber stamp before use should be dry if rubber stamp before use is stored for a time.
The lamp should be sold if the lamp is old.
Gas grill should be available if gas grill is unavailable.
The clothing should be dry if the swimsuit is wet.
Scrubber should be cleaning everything if the spot is clean.
The shelf should be got family pictures if the shelf is arranged.
Hiking boots should be fit to foot if hiking boots are too snug.
The furnace should be on if the furnace is turned off.
The meeting should be running on time if large group is assembled.
Tennis racket should be light if tennis racket is too heavy.
Seedling should be ready to plant if the plant is dead.
Ream of paper should be on desk if ream of paper is in a copy machine.
The book should be in the back pack if the locker is locked.
The update should be read if the update is ignored.
The floor should be dry if the maid is moping floor.
The pager should be off if the pager is has become a destraction.
The child should be not fed if the child is sick.
The stuffed animal should be in the playroom if the stuffed animal is in the living room.
The pen should be the writing if pen holder is holding a pen.
The orchestra should be the beginning if the group is restless.
The rubber ducky should be being clean if the rubber ducky is covered in slim.
Olives should be un edible if olives are rancid.
Bicycle lock should be smashed if bicycle lock is jammed.
The keyboard should be not working if the keyboard is old.
The child should be sleepy if the crib is comfortable.
Gluestick should be no more sticky if gluestick is sticky.
The pet should be a cat if the dog is unfriendly.
The player should be set up to play records if lp record is having old music.
The pot should be hot to the touch if the pot is too cld.
The yoghurt should be here if dinner on the table is being arranged.
The bath should be not occupied if the bath is occupied.
Replacement pad should be needed if replacement pad is used.
The dollar bill should be new if the dollar bill is torn in two.
House key should be found if house key is lost.
Human in the room should be exposed to the world outside if human in the room is isolated.
To buy a lot should be enticing if the menu is having lots of choices.
The record should be playing if the phonograph is melodious.
Plant pot should be not made from clay if the house plant is drying.
Box of toothpicks should be put in the holder if box of toothpicks is the only place to find toothpicks in the entire house.
The car should be full of gas if the car is running.
Books should be removed from the bookshelf if books are dusty.
Smaller one should be portable if the toolbox is in a garage.
The person should be taking a break from work if the person is busy working.
The CD should be new if compact disk player is playing music.
Braclet should be yours if braclet is broken.
The fan should be blowing if the house is too hot.
Time should be faster for the person if time is slow.
Sheet of paper should be no longer needed if sheet of paper is written on.
Pair of baby shoes should be not in the closet if pair of baby shoes is put in closet.
The mother should be nervous if the mother is waiting for  a child who is late.
The tricycle should be cleaned if the tricycle is dirty.
Bottle of wine should be poured if bottle of wine is chilled.
The bandage should be sterile if the bullet is the shot.
Computer joystick should be working if computer joystick is broken.
Piece of paper should be important to secure if piece of paper is in the safe.
The person should be able to readjust it if ergonomic chair is misadjusted.
The marker should be working if drawing pad is clear of stray marks.
Dinner table should be wiped and set-up properly if dinner table is dirty.
The child should be sad if the child is hurt.
The hard drive should be full if the hard drive is having space.
The telephone should be cordless if telephone cord is restricting.
The guest should be cleaner if upholstered side chair is clean.
The book should be copied if the photocopier is the color.
The dishwasher should be unload if the dishwasher is loaded.
The drawer should be where to store the clean salad tongs if salad tongs is clean.
Push pin should be dull if push pin is twisted.
The board should be unwarped if the board is warped.
Dishes should be unarranged if dishes are too neat.
Portable gas cooking stove should be working properly if portable gas cooking stove is smoky.
The tool should be lost if the tool is insured.
The cleaner should be useful if the cleaner is not useful.
The person should be sitting down to eat if the person is hungry.
The item should be scratchproof if the item is valuable.
The gift should be expensive if xmas tree is decorated at christmas.
The rocking chair should be comfy if the footstool is comfortable.
Clothes should be not given to charity if clothes are given to charity.
The spouse should be sane if the spouse is mad.
The diskette should be vital if the diskette is sullen.
Camp ground should be packed up if the tent is folded.
Loaf of bread should be to be consumed if loaf of bread is two day old.
The disk should be cluttered if the disk is not cluttered.
The picture should be straightened if the picture is leaning to one direction.
The office should be welcoming if the office is unfrindly.
The tape should be audible if the tape is full.
The temperature should be cool if winter coat is warm.
The document should be important if the scanner is used to scan a document.
Young child should be dressed cleanly if young child is lazy.
The vcr should be recording the news if the television is having news.
The album should be protected if stamp collection is well maintained.
The answering machine should be on all the time if the person is waiting to hear from you.
The screen should be large if the slide projector is used to project slides.
The boot should be brand new if the boot is worn.
The hot dog should be eaten if the hot dog is cold.
The person should be careful not to cut the fingers if the person is clumsy.
The tape should be findable if the tape is missplaced.
The dime should be put in wallet if the dime is put in a jar.
Home should be vacant if the tenant is distroying your home.
The humidifier should be filled with water if the humidifier is empty.
Hair blowdryer should be put on if hair blowdryer is turned off.
The band should be playing if drums are the hollow.
The fountain should be clean if water fountain is having drinking water.
Pepper shaker should be on the table too if the salt shaker is on the table.
The screwdriver should be magnetic if the screwdriver is difficult to use.
The bracelet should be desired if the bracelet is not sold.
The person should be accomplished if the person is your boss.
The whistle should be blown hard if the whistle is needed.
Vhs tape should be ready to play if vcr remote is available.
The piece should be toasted if bread is sliced.
The thunderstorm should be severe if the thunderstorm is deafening.
Ice box should be put in a corner if ice box is inconvienent.
The sauce should be available if the sauce is unavailable.
The house should be silent if the house is loud.
Door bell button should be not yet pushed if door bell button is pushed.
The dice should be not fair if the dice is the fair.
Computer monitor should be dark if computer monitor is dirty.
The DVD should be the trash if the DVD is stupid.
Plastic storage container should be not air tight if plastic storage container is air tight.
The balloon should be blown up if the balloon is broken.
The book should be opened if the book is closed again.
The alarm should be cancelled if the alarm is unnecessary.
Soup should be cold if soup is too hot.
Shaving razor should be having a bad blade if shaving razor is having good blade.
The thermostat should be off if the thermostat is broken.
New filter should be filled with tea if new filter is filled with coffee.
The fife should be blown if drums are beaten.
The friend should be not snooping if the filing cabinet is unlocked.
The drawer should be not full if the drawer is needed.
The washcloth should be dry if the washcloth is soaked.
Sander should be powerful if the drill is powerful.
The frame should be shinny if drawing pad is clear of stray marks.
Halogen desk lamp should be off and needed for light if halogen desk lamp is broken.
The volume should be loud if the CD PLAYER is playing.
Rocking horse should be put in baby room if rocking horse is in the basement.
The stool should be hard if the stool is loose.
The battery should be charging if the plug is inserted in electricity socket.
Rocking horse should be steady if rocking horse is wobbly.
The mouth should be clean if tube of toothpaste is in a bathroom.
The knife should be cutting it if slice of watermelon is too big.
The book should be not well written if the book is well written.
Ingredients should be fully served if ingredients are not served.
Vcd player should be working properly if vcd player is used.
Groceries should be not placed in fridge if groceries are too col.
The book should be of jokes if the book is boring.
The person should be wanting curly hair if the person is having a perm.
The garden hose should be unavailable if the garden hose is runover by the car.
The video should be played if the vcr is connected to a tv.
The drink should be thirst-quenching if lunch bucket is filled with food.
Walkie talkie should be free if walkie talkie is needed.
The fire should be warm if the fireplace is clean.
The couch should be comfortable if the TV is big.
The scorpion should be the safe if the scorpion is dangerous.
Kitchen shelf should be messy if kitchen shelf is too clean.
The phone should be separate if fax machine is sending faxes.
The mask should be asked for if the mask is not asked for.
Bowtie pasta should be edible if bowtie pasta is covered in mould.
Table lamp brand should be desirable if table lamp brand is tacky.
The kite should be fying if the kite is aerodynamic.
The damper should be used if the damper is not used at all.
The dress should be elegant if three piece suit is ironed.
Load of laundry should be in need of softening if load of laundry is hard.
The address should be correct if mail is returned.
The thermometer should be showing the temperature if the thermometer is broken.
The road should be free from rocks if pile of rocks is on the road.
The cable should be not hidden if the cable is hidden.
Dishes should be cleaned if the dishwasher is closed.
Butter should be fresh if bread is soft.
The phone call should be from a friend if the phone is connected.
The button should be garbage if the button is new.
The banjo should be playing if the banjo is not playing.
The person should be not sick if the ventilator is used on a person.
Desk fan should be off if desk fan is blowing air.
The can opener should be used easily if the can opener is not used easily.
The faucet should be clean if the faucet is stained.
The person should be giggling if the picture is humorous.
Work space should be efficaint if the office is clean.
The chimney should be cleaned if the chimney is blocked with dirt.
The cord should be plugged in if the cord is unplugged.
The broom should be put away if the broom is in the way.
Electric cord should be sheilded if electric cord is un sheilded.
The screw should be easy to turn if the screw is hard to turn.
Remote control should be in the middle of the table if remote control is on the end table.
Copying machine should be to be used if copying machine is unused.
The package should be opened if dvd disk is new.
File cabin should be not used to store files if file cabin is used to store files.
The list should be being checked off if the clipboard is holding paper.
Police should be not nearby if the date is drunk and loud.
Old bulb should be useless if light is dim.
Money should be not spent if money is spent.
The stapler should be having stapler pins if the stapler is empty.
The chicken should be boiled if the chicken is barbequed.
The watch should be precise if the watch is slow.
Way to dry it should be easy if the shower curtain is wet.
The pillow should be matching if the quilt is pretty.
The event should be worth recording if the event is not worth recording.
The knob should be volumn control if the loudspeaker is inaudible.
The bag should be full of potatoes if potato peeler is used to peel vegetables.
The window should be not covered if the window is covered.
The tire should be the flat if the bicycle is punctured.
The motorcycle should be not punctured if the motorcycle is punctured.
The raise should be money if the project is completed.
The dog should be friendly too if the dog is friendly.
The fan should be turned on if fan switch is visible.
Medicine grinder should be on if madicine is whole.
The meal should be hot if the meal is hot and fresh.
Side of fries should be fried if the corndog is cooked.
The paper clip should be available if the paper clip is broken.
The wall should be needing some paint if the wall is dingy.
Ketchup bottle should be empty if ketchup bottle is full.
The lid should be also square if the box is the square.
The letter should be not stamped if the letter is delivered.
The dryer should be at the end of the cycle if the dryer is in the middle of the cycle.
The meal should be good if the table is set for a meal.
Matchsticks should be available easily if matchsticks is not available.
The CD should be operational if the player is slow.
Travel brochure should be normal if travel brochure is glossy.
The car engine should be tuned up if the car engine is old.
The room should be not cluttered if stack of boxes is the stable.
Baby food jar should be opened if baby food jar is sealed.
The birthday should be sad if the birthday is happy.
The lamp should be unplugged if the lamp is plugged in.
The apartment should be larger if the person is moving.
The dishwasher should be empty if the sink is full.
The book should be loger if the story is captivating.
The table should be unarranged if the table is tipped over.
The stroller should be not folded if the stroller is folded.
The pie should be sold if the pie is old.
Sugar shaker should be full if bowl of strawberries is fresh.
Ceiling fan should be clean if ceiling fan is dusty.
The headphone should be already playing music if the headphone is inactive.
The movie should be STARTING if the movie is finished.
The bin should be stinky if the body is odourous.
The place should be secure if the place is not secure.
The coat should be cold if the coat is warm.
The smoothie should be fresh if the strawberry is ripe.
Basketball should be hurled through the air if basketball is still.
Beer should be to be served if beer is left on the counter.
Painting should be made by an artist if the artist is creative.
The rum should be poured if the glass is empty.
The case should be used a lot if the tool is worn.
The room should be warmer if the heater is switched on.
The message should be passed on if the message is important.
Dirty dishes should be removed from dinner table if dirty dishes is crusty.
Roulette wheel should be not moving if roulette wheel is the spinning.
The duffel bag should be large if the duffel bag is not big enough.
The sweater should be handy if the person is cold.
Pallette should be colorful if pallette is dull.
Listen to a song should be playing if the stereo is in the living room.
The combination should be memerable if the lock is having a combination.
The club should be big enough to hit it if the golf ball is on the ground.
People should be lonely if people are crowded.
The head should be cold if hat rack is full of hats.
The battery should be full if notebook battery is discharged.
The phone should be able to be used to call the person if the business card is received.
The CD should be not playable if the CD is the offensive.
Anti bacterial soap should be effective if anti bacterial soap is ineffective.
Electric generator should be running if power is off.
The fruit should be the sweet if pot of flowers is fresh.
Exercise bike should be not set up if exercise bike is set up.
The keyboard should be functional if the keyboard is dis-functional.
The ring should be in a drawer if the ring is missing.
The hat should be tied down if the wind is blowing.
The shoe should be removed from a foot if the shoe is dirty.
The aspirin should be unusable if the aspirin is expired.
The basket should be ready to be filled with clothes if the washing machine is full with clothes.
Glass of tea should be warm if glass of tea is full.
The sandal should be the right size if the sandal is loose.
The hair should be picked up if the hair is fallen on the floor.
Drawing pad should be clear of stray marks if drawing pad is not clear of stray marks.
Screw driver should be comfortable in hand if the screw is easy to turn.
The case should be full of saine soution if pair of contacts is stored in case.
Person eating meat should be sad about meat if person eating meat is a cannibal.
The paper should be likely to fall out if the paper is not likely to fall out.
The parent should be available to see it if the bed is made.
The bungee cord should be very stretchy if the bungee cord is shorter than needed.
A new game should be more difficult if game pad is working.
Answer sheet should be handy if the test is hard.
The rag should be for cleaning if cleaning supplies is spilled.
The oven should be turned off if the oven is turned on.
The baby should be using diapers if the baby is in need of being changed.
The person should be baking if the person is uninterested in baking.
The person should be liking donuts if the doughnut is chocolate flovored.
The cereal bowl should be full if the belly is hungry.
The printer should be operated if the printer is not working.
Power battery should be low if power battery is high.
The cigarette should be tasteless if the cigarette is too bold.
The smile should be returned if the person is smiling.
The router should be broken if the router is worn out.
The candle should be knocked over on the carpet if the candle is knocked over on the bed.
The place should be able to hold the pin while reading the documents if the pin is put on documents.
Night light should be on if light is turned off.
The note should be on the door if the person is not home.
The computer game should be easy and repetitive if the computer game is too difficult.
The candle should be dropped if the candle is way too hot.
Filthy person should be finished bathing if filthy person is cleaner.
Dish detergent should be mild if dish detergent is attacking to hands, babies or pets.
Presents should be elaborately wrapped if presents are torn.
The bottom should be yummy if topping is edible.
The refrigerator should be fixed if the refrigerator is broken.
The use should be pencils if colored pencils is used to color a drawing.
New battery should be full if old batteries is drained.
Jack should be installed if he is uninstalled.
The cardboard box should be big enough if the cardboard box is not big enough.
Easter egg should be decorated if easter egg is the plain.
Helium balloon should be filled with nothing if helium balloon is filled with helium.
The filing cabinet should be not locked if the filing cabinet is consulted regularly.
Letterpad should be empty if letterpad is full of notes.
The grater should be used to grind vegtables if the grater is used to grind cheese.
Second glass should be at room temperature if wine is chilled.
The car should be assembled if the car is in pieces.
The key should be useable if the key is the cut.
Dungeon lights should be switched on if dungeon lights is switched off.
The person should be decorate the vase if the person is working.
The cook should be talented if soup is fresh.
The operating system should be never upgraded if the operating system is reliable.
Floot should be clean if kitchen floor is dirty.
Ballon should be flying if ballon is stuck.
The panel should be thicker if panel of insulation is thin.
The frying pan should be used for cooking if the frying pan is heated.
Temperature near pipes should be below freezing if temperature near pipes is frozen.
Water should be ice cubes if the drink is tepid.
The space heater should be plugged in if the room is cold.
The wall should be done being painted if paint tray is clean.
Hot pan should be carryable if hot pan is needed in another room.
The house should be unpresentable if the house is a haven for your teenager's friends.
The phonograph should be good if the phonograph is malfunctioning.
Sandle should be open toe if the foot is pretty.
Hole puncher should be filled with paper bits if hole puncher is empty.
The key should be lost in your purse if the key is damaged.
The recital should be upcoming if the recital is post poned.
The cell phone should be on vibrate if beeper is loud.
The mouse should be not connected to computer if the computer keyboard is not connected to computer.
The door should be easy to open if the door is stuck.
The game should be downloaded if the game is not up for download.
Power should be running if connections are not properly made.
The can opener should be placed on cooking range if the can opener is sharp.
The footstool should be sturdy if the footstool is wobbly.
The egg should be hammered if the egg is messy.
Multi-tool should be containing many tools if multi-tool is only having  two tools.
The knife should be sharp if slice of watermelon is too big.
The patient should be waiting a long time if the patient is antsy.
The letter should be needing to be mailed if the stamp is affixed.
Tea in cup should be not overflowing if tea in  cup is overflowing.
Tool belt should be sturdy if plyers is heavy.
The lock should be working if cabinets are unlocked.
The digital clock should be not having new battery if the digital clock is working.
New bottle of conditioner should be full if bottle of conditioner is empty.
Ice pack should be cold if the freezer is opened for too long.
Shim should be not used to adjust heigh if shim is used to adjust height.
The surface should be cluttered if the surface is too clean.
Soccer should be to be played if the soccer ball is inflated.
Baby carseat should be safe to put a baby in if baby carseat is unsafe.
The pet should be lively if the friend is talkative.
The towel should be dry if tea towel is used for wiping dishes.
Set of pajamas should be new if pajama bottom is torn.
Drawers should be open if drawers are full.
Mecanic should be there if fusebox is sparking.
The drink should be cold if the fruit is the sweet.
The child should be quiet if the child is overheated.
The pear should be sour if the pear is ripe.
New gadget should be electrical if power strip is used to plug electrical items.
The fish should be refrigerated if the fish is left out.
The sandwich should be ready if the sandwich is stale.
Toliet paper should be full if empty roll is replaced.
The page should be not print if the page is garbled.
The cantaloupe should be ripening if the cantaloupe is not ripening.
House fire should be STARTED if house fire is not started.
The cord should be not that long if the cord is tangled.
Food dish should be clean if food dish is spotted.
The spill should be not  a problem if the spill is cleaned up.
The safe should be more secure if the safe is not locked.
The tub should be about to be used to clean oneself in if the tub is empty.
Set of clothes should be just as sharp in appearance as the boots if pair of boots is polished before wearing.
The coke should be fresh if milk is sour.
The clothing should be breathable if weather is hot.
The sofa bed should be not comortable if group of relatives who are staying with you is guilty of overstaying their welcome.
Night lamp should be dim if night lamp is bright.
The product should be purchased if the product is un purchased.
The drink should be refreshing if pepper is strong.
The floor should be dry if the floor is slippery.
The rocking chair should be intended for a baby if the rocking chair is rocked.
Books should be lying outside shelf if books are left on the side tabe.
The exam should be hard if the exam is easy.
Group of people at a party shoul