XX may pay if it makes a mistake.
XX may accelerate if it needs to go fast.
XX may work out if it wants excerise.
XX may eat if it upsets.
XX may become mad if it is the hit.
XX may look for shade if it works outside in the sun for too long.
XX may shop if it is bored.
XX may read magazines if it waits.
XX may read if it has a book.
XX may chew on their fingernails if it is nervous.
XX may wash dishes if it cleans the kitchen.
XX may go to the movies if it wants the entertainment.
XX may drive if it wants to go somewhere.
XX may have sex if it is in love.
XX may plant trees if it needs the shade.
XX may become bored if it has to answer the same question over and over again.
XX may jump if it wants to go through hoops.
XX may smile if it has their photo taken.
XX may sleep late if it is tired.
XX may stumble if it is tired.
XX may be buried if it dies.
XX may cry if it is really sad.
XX may go to school if it is seeking an education.
XX may pray if it worships.
XX may type if it has bad hindwriting.
XX may be meant to be great if it is free.
XX may run if it is energetic.
XX may faint if it is shocked.
XX may dig  with a shovel if it wants a hole.
XX may volunteer if it has free time.
XX may drink coffee if it is working.
XX may stagger if it is the drunk.
XX may sit if it is watching a movie.
XX may call their friends if it is lonely.
XX may die if it is very old.
XX may binge if it is dumb.
XX may fill the sink with water and soap if it is going to wash the dishes.
XX may buy presents for each other if it sees it is christmas.
XX may wear shoes if it goes outside.
XX may fly if it is in aeroplanes.
XX may tie their shoes if it puts the shoes on their feet.
XX may tremble if it is afraid.
XX may become annoyed if it is avoided.
XX may jog if it needs the exercise.
XX may become angry if it is mad.
XX may dry off if it is done with their showers or baths.
XX may write essays if it is forced to by the teacher.
XX may fly in airplanes if it wants to arrive quickly.
XX may wake up if it rests.
XX may take vitamins if it wants to stay healthy.
XX may put on sunscreen if it is going to be in the sun.
XX may crash if it is really exhausted.
XX may flush if it is finished using the toilet.
XX may smile if it is pleased.
XX may close the door if it wants some privacy.
XX may drink coffee if it likes coffee.
XX may ignore other people if it doesn't want to hear what they have to say.
XX may curse if it is angry.
XX may wave if it sees someone.
XX may cry if it is ill.
XX may call the police if it has been cheated.
XX may indicate if it is mad.
XX may laugh if it is hapy.
XX may type if it is working on their computer.
XX may buy new pens if it finishes the old ones.
XX may tap their fingers if it is waiting.
XX may smile if it is friendly.
XX may laugh if it enjoys a joke.
XX may use the computer if it wants to sent emails.
XX may wake up if it alarms goes off.
XX may study if it is working.
XX may phone people if it wants to talk to them.
XX may read if it wants to be entertained.
XX may chew the gum if it feels anxious.
XX may play music if it is the dancing.
XX may sell their used items if it wants money for used items.
XX may cheer if it supports their teams.
XX may stretch if it has tight muscles.
XX may hang pictures if it has pictures to hang.
XX may use a rake if it wants to rake the leaves.
XX may go to the gym if it wants to work out.
XX may organize a meeting if it has stuff to talk about.
XX may have sex if it is horny.
XX may curse if it is extremely angry.
XX may put gas in their car if it runs out of gas.
XX may sit if it rides a bike.
XX may brush their teeth if it finishes eating.
XX may work if it wants to get things done.
XX may sit if it has tired legs.
XX may do not like dogs if it bites.
XX may watch the news if it wants current info.
XX may teach their children if it is little not to talk to children.
XX may read if it is reading newspaper.
XX may cash their paycheques if it becomes paid.
XX may hug each other if it says Hello.
XX may replace lightbulbs if it sees the lightbulb is burned out.
XX may use a pen if it needs to write.
XX may clip their nail if it becomes to long.
XX may eat unhealthy if it is poor.
XX may laugh if it is ticklish.
XX may hit the snooze if it hears their alarm clock.
XX may chatter their teeth if it is cold.
XX may take asprin if it has a head ache.
XX may go for a walk if it is carefree.
XX may slip and fall if it walks on something with less friction than expected.
XX may open an umbrella if it is in the rain.
XX may go to the cinema if it wants to see a movie.
XX may use a pen if it wants to write.
XX may help child study if it sees child will have test.
XX may smile if it is feeling good.
XX may buy take-out if it doesn't want to cook.
XX may obtain a massage if it is in pain.
XX may drive if it goes to work.
XX may clean if it sees the dust.
XX may paint if it is artistic.
XX may travel if it wants to see the world.
XX may be cold if it is in a cold room.
XX may squabble if it disagrees.
XX may breathe heavily if it exercises.
XX may go to the bank if it wants to withdraw money.
XX may eat less food if it is trying to loose weight.
XX may punish their children if it does the opposite of what they are told to do by the older person.
XX may bathe if it becomes smelly.
XX may die if it is hurt.
XX may eat the fruit if it is trying to be healthy.
XX may slap if it is mad.
XX may become tired if it works hard.
XX may file papers in alphabeticle order if it files papers.
XX may gossip if it is bored.
XX may take in air if it needs oxygen.
XX may call a doctor if it becomes sick.
XX may cook if it has no food.
XX may exercise if it wants to stay fit.
XX may empty the ashtray if it wants the ashtray to be clean.
XX may grow vegetables if it wants to eat their own produce.
XX may have chickens if it wants fresh eggs.
XX may give up if it feels hopless.
XX may watch the tv if it wants to find out information about the weather.
XX may stumble if it drinks.
XX may jump for joy if it is excited.
XX may put a band-aid on if it obtains a cut.
XX may laugh if it is hysterical.
XX may use the hammer if it wants nail in wall.
XX may run if it is scared.
XX may put on a sweater if it feels a bit chilly.
XX may wear jewlerly if it has somewhere to go.
XX may have sex if it is teenagers.
XX may become annoyed if it is bothered.
XX may pick up the receiver if it answers the phone.
XX may use the washroom if it wants to freshen up.
XX may scream if it is startled.
XX may talk if it is chatty.
XX may move houses if it needs new settings.
XX may greet each other if it meets.
XX may measure the board if it needs to know how long to cut the board.
XX may drink if it is parched.
XX may make mistakes if it is distracted.
XX may nod off if it has trouble staying awake.
XX may lie if it is wrong.
XX may hug if it greets an old friend.
XX may go to bed if it is tired.
XX may ride the bus if it doesn't have a care.
XX may shuffle their feet if it is tired.
XX may use the hole puncher if it needs to make holes in a sheet of paper.
XX may use a trowel if it plants seeds in the garden.
XX may giggle if it is amused.
XX may file papers in number order if it files papers.
XX may drink if it is stressed.
XX may be sad if it is hurt by the ones they love.
XX may walk if it exercises.
XX may eat better if it wants to be healthier.
XX may smile if it is hugged.
XX may drive if it is lost.
XX may call home if it is lonely.
XX may want to eat if it sees something good.
XX may like to work if it has a job that is fullfilling.
XX may go to the doctor if it feels sick.
XX may run if it is being chased.
XX may feel the pressure if it is under a deadline.
XX may sneeze if it has the hay fever.
XX may squat if it wants to see something below them.
XX may make good grades if it studies.
XX may turn on the alarm if it goes to bed.
XX may become mad if it is wrong.
XX may snap if it is angry.
XX may become hurt if it fights.
XX may wear a bathing suit if it goes swiming.
XX may become angry if it is pushed.
XX may shake their heads if it means no.
XX may go to jail if it steals.
XX may take off clothes if it showers.
XX may do the stuff if it is bored.
XX may talk if it socializes.
XX may inhale and exhale if it is breathing.
XX may scratch their heads if it is confused.
XX may joke if it is friends.
XX may snort if it is drinking too fast.
XX may sleep if it is busy.
XX may replace the dishwasher if it sees dishwasher is broken.
XX may grin if it jokes.
XX may crack their nuckles if it is nervous.
XX may put on a sweater if it is cold.
XX may read books if it wants to learn.
XX may laugh if it hears a funny story.
XX may use lawn mowers if it cuts the grass.
XX may sweat if it is nervous.
XX may use the computer if it has a report to type.
XX may read a newspaper if it wants to learn about current events.
XX may sleep if it feels tired.
XX may use the bathroom if it needs to.
XX may be sad if it is sick.
XX may cheer if it is happy.
XX may drink if it wants to quench their thirst.
XX may use a telephone headset if it needs their hands to be free.
XX may print out a picture if it wants to hang the picture on a wall.
XX may choke if it chews fast.
XX may type if it writes a letter on the computer.
XX may bury someone if it dies.
XX may put a stamp on an envelope if it is about to mail a letter.
XX may fart if it is gasy.
XX may pout if it is not happy.
XX may pass out if it is the drunk.
XX may wake up if it hears the alarm ring.
XX may drink if it is partying.
XX may run if it sees a flood.
XX may type if it makes emails.
XX may use both hands equally if it is ambidextrous.
XX may hug if it is tired.
XX may enjoy dogs if it is lonely.
XX may sleep if it is feeling sick.
XX may walk if it likes the weather.
XX may smoke if it wants.
XX may smell the air if it smells something.
XX may use umbrellas if it walks in the rain.
XX may shake hands if it is greeting someone.
XX may use a spoon if it eats soup.
XX may wink if it is flirtatious.
XX may itch if it is allergic.
XX may clap if it approves.
XX may go home if it is done with their work.
XX may scream if it is crazy.
XX may eat snacks if it watches movies.
XX may sit if it watches the television.
XX may close their eyes if it is sleeping.
XX may laugh if it thinks the situation is funny.
XX may listen to the news  on the radio if it wants to be informed.
XX may use a ruler if it needs to measure things.
XX may walk if it needs the exercise.
XX may scratch Themselves if it feels itchy.
XX may clean hands if it has hands that are dirty.
XX may exercise if it needs stress relief.
XX may comb their hair if it becomes up.
XX may run if it is exercising.
XX may type if it emails.
XX may read textbooks if it is in social studies class.
XX may eat if it is depresed.
XX may see a show if it wants to be entertained.
XX may walk on toes if it doesn't want to make a noise while walking.
XX may greet customers if it enters the store.
XX may fall asleep if it is really tired.
XX may call the fire department if it sees a fire.
XX may cry if it laughs too hard.
XX may rest if it is exhausted.
XX may skate if it likes skating.
XX may read if it wants to know.
XX may wash their hair if it has dirty hair.
XX may laugh if it is joking around.
XX may wake if it is not a sleep.
XX may type if it needs to enter data into a computer.
XX may wear clothes if it goes outside.
XX may gain the weight if it is pregnant.
XX may scratch Themselves if it itches.
XX may wash their face if it becomes up.
XX may play movies if it wants to see memories.
XX may relax if it is stressed.
XX may talk if it becomes bored.
XX may cough if it has a head cold.
XX may buy tree for their yard if it sees no trees in their yard.
XX may dance if it is in a party.
XX may write if it wants to.
XX may mow their lawn if it sees the grass is too long.
XX may shake hands if it greets.
XX may sign their name if it needs to authorize something.
XX may love if it is in love.
XX may go to the doctor's office if it is ill.
XX may cry if it hears bad news.
XX may go to the dentist if it needs to have their teeth cleaned.
XX may swim if it is in the pool.
XX may cry if it is very sad.
XX may ask questions if it needs answers.
XX mayn't poop if it is constipated.
XX may drink the soda if it feels thirsty.
XX may use electric blankets if it is cold at night.
XX may speak if it sees someone.
XX may organize tasks if it is working.
XX may brush their teeth if it is done eating.
XX may close the refrigerator if it becomes food from the refrigerator.
XX may become up if it goes to work.
XX may listen if it is bored.
XX mayn't sleep if it drinks caffeine.
XX may wash dishes if it is finished eating.
XX may jump if it wants to play.
XX may walk if it has no car.
XX may cook if it is asked.
XX may dance if it is very happy.
XX may yell if it becomes mad.
XX may call a maid if it is rich and lazy.
XX may type if it needs to.
XX may sneeze if it has hayfever.
XX may buy stollers if it has a child.
XX may laugh if it watches a comedy.
XX may clean if it is nesting.
XX may cut off thepumpkin if it sees it is ripe.
XX may be smart if it is taught how to learn.
XX may clean their house if it thinks it is dirty.
XX may smile if it feels good.
XX may brush their teeth if it goes to bed.
XX may lie down if it is tired.
XX may drink if it parties.
XX may have money if it is working.
XX may sulk if it is depressed.
XX may laugh if it is happy and have heard a joke.
XX may smoke if it drinks alcohol.
XX may carry people if it is hurt.
XX may be shy if it becomes imbarrased.
XX may laugh if it thinks it's funny.
XX may turn on lights if it sees that it is too dark.
XX may run if it goes for jogging.
XX may put hairspray on the hair if it wants hair to not blow in wind.
XX may go crazy if it is fed crazy drugs.
XX may see the well if it focuses.
XX may pout if it is the upset.
XX may become bored if it has nothing to do.
XX may be accustomed to being pampered if it is spoiled.
XX may stink if it doesn't take a bath.
XX may call a friend if it doesn't talk to them in a while.
XX may smile if it is happy with life.
XX may drive to the lake if it wants to go fishing.
XX may be afraid if it feels the fear.
XX may hug if it is happy.
XX may cry if it watches a sad or moving movie.
XX may fall if it walks off.
XX may hide cooked eggs if it knows it is easter.
XX may fix a tire if it sees the tire is flat.
XX may leave their desk if it has to use the bathroom.
XX may clean their desk if it finds it to be messy.
XX may listen if it watches movies.
XX may use a flashlight if it walks in the dark.
XX may use their blackberry if it wants to check their emails.
XX may use the mouthwash if it brushes their teeth.
XX may jump if it is scared.
XX may laugh if it excites.
XX may argue if it fights.
XX may slap if it is tickled.
XX may sneeze if it is sick.
XX may open a door if it enters a room.
XX may cry if it has their feelings hurt.
XX may serve Turkey if it knows it is thanksgiving holidat.
XX may feed a horse if it has a own a horse.
XX may laugh if it hears a funny joke.
XX may eat fast if it is in a hurry.
XX may become hungry if it has not eaten food in a long time.
XX may yell if it is startled.
XX may like to get married outside if it knows it will be a nice day.
XX may cry if it injures.
XX may see the dentist if it has a toothache.
XX may shout if it is angry.
XX may shave if it doesn't want a mustache.
XX may scratch if it becomes itchy.
XX may laugh if it hears something funny.
XX may tell there children no if it is doing something they should not be doing.
XX may eat outside if it is picnicing.
XX may fly if it travels to another country.
XX may see if it is in light.
XX may decorate a tree if it brings a tree in the house for christmas.
XX may ask for a second opinion if it is doubtful.
XX may stand if it is tired of sitting.
XX may cry if it is sad and upset.
XX may dress if it has somewhere to go.
XX may complain if it is frustratec.
XX may surf the internet if it has some free time.
XX may drink water if it thinks they are dehydrated.
XX may become stressed if it has too much work to do.
XX may have to repay the bank if it borrows money.
XX may go to the beach if it is on vacation.
XX may make food if it has a potluck.
XX may fall asleep if it listens to a boring speech.
XX may sneeze if it inhales the dust.
XX may skip if it is excited.
XX may kick if it is playing soccer.
XX may talk if it walks.
XX may use the profanity if it is angry.
XX may type if it wants to write something.
XX may plug in speakers if it wants the speakers to be on.
XX may use the insulation if it wants their house to be warmer.
XX may take off their sweater if it is too hot.
XX may talk if it sees a friend.
XX may type words if it has words needing typed.
XX may eat out if it doesn't want to cook.
XX may wave if it leaves.
XX may tear if it laughs really hard.
XX may work if it is at work.
XX may turn on lights if it comes home after dark.
XX may wash their hands if it is finished in the bathroom.
XX may laugh if it sees a funny movie.
XX may be skinny if it doesn't eat.
XX may cry if it fails.
XX may listen if it interests.
XX may read a magazine if it takes a break.
XX may rebel if it disagrees with the rules.
XX may hate if it doesn't know things.
XX may sleep if it bores.
XX may fall if it drinks.
XX may call a restaurant if it needs to make a reservation.
XX may smile if it hears good news.
XX may mow the grass if it sees the grass is too long.
XX may save money if it needs to buy something.
XX may go to the doctor if it needs a physical exam.
XX may paint if it likes to paint.
XX may go to the bathroom if it needs to go.
XX may buy envelopes if it wants to send a letter.
XX may itch if it has a bug bite.
XX may cringe if it is in pain.
XX may clean if it thinks it is time to clean.
XX may wink if it has a secret.
XX may grin if it feels good.
XX may use the speaker phone if it wants to converse without holding a phone.
XX may argue if it has differences.
XX may drive if it wants to drive.
XX may apply tanning lotion if it wants to tan.
XX may go swimming if it is warm.
XX may nap if it is tired.
XX may keep their files organized if it has a file cabnet.
XX may be ashamed if it farts.
XX may go grocery shopping if it needs food in the house.
XX may drive if it needs to get somewhere fast.
XX may run if it is working out.
XX may rush through breakfast if it is late for work.
XX may swim if it wants to cool down.
XX may dance if it is at parties.
XX may purchase the greenhouse if it wants a garden.
XX may make dinner if it is hungry.
XX may see the well if it has glasses.
XX may sleep if it has had a long day.
XX may burp if it wants to, sometimes.
XX may take showers if it feels hot.
XX may fall over if it is the drunk.
XX may lie down if it goes to sleep.
XX may decompose if it dies.
XX may sleep if it is exhousted.
XX may purchase the birthday cake if it is having birthday party.
XX may play if it is together.
XX may be promoted if it is good workers.
XX may break out into hives if it is allergic to something.
XX may like to go on a picnic if it sees the day is beautiful.
XX may work if it needs things.
XX may lose the temper if it becomes angry.
XX may cheer if it scores the goal.
XX may use the photocopier if it needs to make copies.
XX may yell if it is angry.
XX may learn about animals if it sees they are becoming extinct.
XX may go to the zoo if it wants to see giraffes.
XX may read if it holds the book.
XX may fly if it is thrown.
XX may ask questions if it is at a meeting.
XX may jump if it is at a rock concert.
XX may laugh if it is smiling.
XX may punch if it is mad.
XX may answer the phone if it hears the phone ring.
XX may blink a lot if it has something irritating their eyes.
XX may enjoy the company if it is feeling lonely.
XX may call a restaurant if it wants to order take-out food.
XX may attack each other if it wants something from the person.
XX may smile if it is glad.
XX may play games if it has free time.
XX may read if it wants to.
XX may scratch if it feels itchy at any place on their body.
XX may cry if it is in pain.
XX may laugh if it is in a good mood.
XX may drink if it is alcoholics.
XX may become angry if it is arguing.
XX may sing if it is listening to music.
XX may jump if it wants to get over an object.
XX may drown if it doesn't swim.
XX may panic if it is under stress.
XX may doze off if it is tired.
XX may laugh if it hears or see something funny.
XX may eat less if it is on a diet.
XX may laugh if it hears a joke.
XX may sit if it eats meals.
XX may have a shower if it is dirty.
XX may glide if it skates.
XX may turn on the computer if it wants to do some work.
XX may smoke if it is bored.
XX may shut the door if it wants quite.
XX may blow their nose if it has been crying.
XX may kiss if it greets eachother.
XX may scratch if it is itcy.
XX may write mails if it wants to communicate.
XX may dance if it is at a wedding.
XX may drink alcohol if it celebrates.
XX may drink if it goes to a bar.
XX may like to go sailing if it has a sail boat.
XX may cheat if it gambles.
XX may wait for the green light if it wants to cross the road.
XX may take advil if it has a headache.
XX may put new paint on a car if it does not like the paint on the car.
XX may smell the air if it smells food.
XX may cheer if it is at a baseball game.
XX may turn on the tv if it wants to watch it.
XX may jump if it wants to reach something higher up.
XX may scream if it sees a spider.
XX may heal if it is in a hospital.
XX may pay taxes if it knows the tax is due.
XX may eat the lasagna if it wants italian food.
XX may joke if it is being funny.
XX may go the school if it wants to be smarter.
XX may scratch Themselves if it is itchy.
XX may play volleyball if it is at the beach.
XX may sneeze if it has allergies.
XX may put on clothes if it is naked.
XX may use a tissue if it wants to wipe their nose.
XX may replace the toilet paper if it runs out of toilet paper.
XX may write notes down if it doesn't remember.
XX may heat up if it becomes angry.
XX may strip down if it is sweating.
XX may talk if it is socializing.
XX may throw up if it is afraid.
XX may applaud if it appreciates a performance.
XX may yawn if it sees other people yawn.
XX may wear swimsuits if it is at the beach.
XX may wink if it is kidding.
XX may write on a pad if it is taking notes.
XX may do the laundry if it runs out of clean clothes.
XX may crawl if it is trying to escape the smoke from a fire.
XX may file their nails if it wants to have a manicure.
XX may go to the movies if it goes on dates.
XX may grin if it is happy.
XX may order the takeout if it doesn't want to cook.
XX may vomit if it is sick.
XX may lose their voice if it yells too much.
XX may be cared for if it goes to a doctor.
XX may become the upset if it does not get paid.
XX may take a deep breath if it is afraid.
XX may go to the mall if it shops.
XX may yell if it wants the attention.
XX may hug if it misses someone.
XX may be quiet if it wants to relax.
XX may fly if it needs to get somewhere.
XX may giggle if it is ashamed.
XX may close their eyes if it sleeps.
XX may be in pain if it breaks a bone.
XX may replace the printer ink cartridge if it finds there is no more ink in the machine.
XX may wash clothes if it is dirty.
XX may work out if it feels they need get physically fit.
XX may cuddle if it wants to be close to each other.
XX may go to bed if it is sleepy.
XX may turn off the tv if it goes to sleep.
XX may do the required job if it is at work.
XX may write on a piece of paper if it needs to make notes.
XX may celebrate if it is promoted.
XX may exercise if it has gained weight.
XX may have a tummy ache if it eats too much.
XX may sort clothes if it does the laundry.
XX may sneeze if it is allergic to something.
XX may spy if it is curious.
XX may watch the movie if it is bored.
XX may run if it wants to get tired.
XX may use an eraser if it makes a mistake while writing with a pencil.
XX may call out if it needs the help.
XX may pop if it becomes rejected.
XX may watch the TV if it wants to entertained.
XX may stick out their tongue if it is imature.
XX may donate to toys for tots if it wants to help children of poor families have a good christmas.
XX may sneeze if it is around pet dander.
XX may trip if it runs.
XX may cry if it sleeps.
XX may put a stamp on an envelope if it needs to mail it.
XX may pay the bill if it receives a statement.
XX may fall if it trips.
XX may sniff if it has a cold.
XX may turn on the dishwasher if it wants to do dishes.
XX may try to be smart if it is clever.
XX may weep if it is extremely upset.
XX may drink hot tea if it wants a soothing drink.
XX may fight if it doesn't communicate.
XX may like to talk if it is sad.
XX may e-mail if it wants to communicate.
XX may yelp if it slips.
XX may have a party if it is happy.
XX may smile if it laughs.
XX may cut down trees if it wants to prevent forest fires.
XX may become angry if it has to sit in traffic.
XX may steal if it is criminals.
XX may buy the bleach if it wants their clothes to become white.
XX may swim if it is in the ocean.
XX may slide if it drives on ice.
XX may leave if it sees the party's over.
XX may watch the TV if it eats dinner.
XX may have an energy drink if it needs a boost of energy.
XX may scream if it sees spiders.
XX may sit down if it is waiting.
XX may become lawyers if it wants to help people who are in trouble.
XX may buy if it has money.
XX may go home if it is tired.
XX may become shy if it is yelled at too much.
XX may have problems if it makes mistakes.
XX may exercise if it wants to maintain health.
XX may become annoyed if it hears dogs barking.
XX may adjust the thermostat if it is too hot.
XX may teach open mind if it is bored.
XX may skip if it wants to have fun.
XX may give orders if it wants work done.
XX may grab if it is trying to get something.
XX may chew if it puts food in their mouths.
XX may snicker if it is amused.
XX may grow tomatoes if it wants tomatoes.
XX may play if it is happy.
XX may use ac if it wants to cool off.
XX may float if it jumps.
XX may toss and turn if it is restless.
XX may write if it has an idea or viewpoint.
XX may study if it is at school.
XX may become gift certificates if it teaches robots the stuff we all know.
XX may shrug if it is confused.
XX may become out of bed if it wakes up.
XX may laugh if it listens to a joke.
XX may sneeze if it sniffs pepper.
XX may go to the mall if it wants to shop.
XX may forgive if it is nice.
XX may bruise if it becomes the hit.
XX may clap if it enjoys a performance.
XX may cry if it is scared.
XX may play games if it has time.
XX may listen if it is watching a show.
XX may clean if it goes to entertain.
XX may yell if it pisses off.
XX may shut off the porch light if it sees it is morning.
XX may become their hair cut if it thinks it is too long.
XX may take out the garbage if it has too much garbage in the house.
XX may use the bathroom if it has the diarrhea.
XX may wipe tears from eye if it is crying.
XX may pack boxes if it is moving out.
XX may have a cool drink if it is hot.
XX may clean up if it makes a mess.
XX may shop if it needs something.
XX may play soccer if it is on the feild.
XX may sneeze if it has a itchy nose.
XX may type if it wants to document something on a computer.
XX may hide if it plays hide and go seek.
XX may call on the phone if it wants to talk.
XX may drink coffee if it needs to be alert.
XX may hug if it loves each other.
XX may stand up if it is tired of sitting.
XX may burp if it is full.
XX may scream if it frustrates.
XX may go to the washroom if it needs to release fluids or solids.
XX may nap if it is a baby.
XX may become the drunk if it drinks too much alcohol.
XX may look outside if it wants to know the weather.
XX may be short if it is young.
XX may use the bathroom if it has to deficate.
XX may grit their teeth if it is mad.
XX may work quickly if it is under deadline.
XX may knock on the door if it wants to see somebody.
XX may turn on lights if it doesn't see.
XX may kneel if it is praying.
XX may shake hands if it greets each other.
XX may act silly if it is the drunk.
XX may go to the bathroom if it needs urinate.
XX may cough if it becomes something in their throats.
XX may wash their car if it wants to impress their date.
XX may go to the park if it wants to go for a walk.
XX may go out to eat if it is celebrating a special occasion.
XX may clip their toenails if it becomes long.
XX may ride motorcycles if it wants to have fun.
XX may become irritated if it is bored.
XX may read if it bores.
XX may eat food if it feels the hunger.
XX may die if it is aging.
XX may read a magazine if it has some free time.
XX may cry if it is the upset.
XX may flinch if it is startled.
XX may use a pen if it needs to write a note.
XX may use buttons if it fastens their shirt.
XX may water their house plants if it takes care of the house plants.
XX may be in a position to change things if it is given the opportunity.
XX may sleep if it is exhausted.
XX may scream if it doesn't take it anymore.
XX may go to the movies if it is bored.
XX may check mail if it is notified that they have mail.
XX may cook food if it is in the kitchen.
XX may name new babies if it is born.
XX may dream if it is bored.
XX may talk if it needs to communicate.
XX may wash their hair if it wants to.
XX may scream if it terrifies.
XX may play games if it is bored.
XX may go home if it finishes working.
XX may finish work if it is done.
XX may bathe if it wants to get clean.
XX may sit at a table if it eats food.
XX may shave if it grows unwanted facial hair.
XX may go to the hospital if it is seriously ill.
XX may listen if it talks.
XX may swallow hard if it is in a tough situation.
XX may take their temature if it feels hot.
XX may apply conditioner to their hair if it has damaged hair.
XX may be sometimes considered evil if it does evil things.
XX may make breakfast if it becomes up.
XX may drink if it is celebrating.
XX may burp if it has finished eating.
XX may surf the internet if it is bored.
XX may kiss if it likes each other.
XX may walk if it is going some where.
XX may rush if it is late.
XX may wake up if it has to get up.
XX may live if it breathes.
XX may cut their hair if it is mourning.
XX may brush their teeth if it wakes up.
XX may ask questions if it doesn't understand.
XX may talk if it communicates.
XX may take supplements if it doesn't eat properly.
XX may shake hands if it meets a stranger.
XX may become confused if it hits their head.
XX may wash the floors if it is dirty.
XX may move quickly if it is ina hurry.
XX may open  cd player if it wants to put cd in player.
XX may be sensitive if it is talked about.
XX may use the Internet if it is emailing their friends.
XX may dress up if it is going to a formal event.
XX may work if it is paid.
XX may laugh if it hears a joke they find amusing.
XX may cut their hair off if it thinks it is too long.
XX may use a toaster if it wants to toast their bread.
XX may giggle if it is flirting.
XX may shovel the snow away from the house door if it sees the snow is blocking the door.
XX may clean things if it is compulsive.
XX may scream if it is giving birth.
XX may pick up dog poop if it sees dog poop in the house.
XX may read the paper if it is riding the subway.
XX may alert if it is driving.
XX may cry if it breaks up with their partner.
XX may love to take risks if it is allowed.
XX may work if it becomes kicked.
XX may allow children to play video games if it is not violent video games.
XX may become thirsty if it eats pretzels.
XX may become mad if it is annoyed.
XX may be busy if it works.
XX may sit down if it is exhausted.
XX may make suggestions if it is at a meeting.
XX may hug if it is friends.
XX may take notes if it needs to record some information.
XX may make appointments if it wants to visit a dr.
XX may have sex if it is lonly.
XX may exercise if it is energetic.
XX may buy a new air conditioner if it sees the air conditioner is broken.
XX may turn on the stove if it cooks food.
XX may read the newpaper if it wants to catch up on current events.
XX may smell if it is intrigued.
XX may blush if it is embaressed.
XX may gossip if it is on break.
XX may call it if it has problems with their computers.
XX may dance if it is at a party.
XX may take knives away from children if it sees children with knives.
XX may shop if it needs to buy something.
XX may write letters if it is apart.
XX may sweat if it is tired.
XX may drink if it needs a drink.
XX may skip if it is playing.
XX may trip if it is tripped.
XX may use the rolodex if it looks up a phone number.
XX may become massages if it is the sore.
XX may use computers if it wants to save a file.
XX may fight if it hates.
XX may feel if it has feelings.
XX may take pictures if it is sentimental.
XX may become bored if it hears too much repetition.
XX may laugh if it has just seen a good show.
XX may use asprin if it has a headache.
XX may raise their voices if it is angry.
XX may take notes if it remembers what was said.
XX may laugh if it is joking.
XX may blink if it stares.
XX may think if it is studying.
XX may eat Italian if it wants spaghetti.
XX may die if it is terminally ill.
XX may puff out their chests if it wants to be intimidating.
XX may yawn if it is bored.
XX may do not talk to strangers if it is children.
XX may dance if it is at a dance club.
XX may shave if it wants to rid their body of hair.
XX may do chores if it wants a clean house.
XX may use a paper clip if it wants to attach a sheet.
XX may be angry if it is mistreated.
XX may type if it wants to record something digitally.
XX may use a computer if it wants to get on the internet.
XX may build things if it is bored.
XX may work if it is employed.
XX may become angry if it is betrayed.
XX may become exhausted if it works hard.
XX may blink if it is staring.
XX may hit if it is the hit.
XX may take pictures if it is at a party.
XX may run if it needs to get somewhere faster.
XX may be amused if it sees or hear something mildly funny.
XX may crowd the source if it needs ideas quick.
XX may put on cologne if it wants to smell better.
XX may run if it races.
XX may read if it buys new books.
XX may relate if it talks.
XX may cry if it hits.
XX may walk if it is going to places.
XX may torture if it punishes.
XX may moan if it is bloated.
XX may listen if it is playing music.
XX may use a word processor if it types letters.
XX may look at a calandar if it wants to know what month it is.
XX may leave if it is bored.
XX may be trustworthy if it is trusted.
XX may use the eyeglass if it does not see well.
XX may have watery eyes if it has allergies.
XX may sit at a desk if it writes.
XX may turn on heater if it is cold.
XX may scream if it is not heard.
XX may eat if it goes to a restaurant.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to keep track of time.
XX may sleep if it is drugged.
XX may blink if it sneezes.
XX may listen to the radio if it wants to hear the traffic news.
XX may ride bikes if it wants the exercise.
XX may be busy if it has a lot to do.
XX may sleep if it lies down.
XX may be robbers if it steals.
XX may wash the dishes if it is finished with their meal.
XX may cry if it saddens.
XX may sit outside if it wants to relax.
XX may become exhausted if it finishes running a marathon.
XX may fight if it becomes mad.
XX may think if it is at school.
XX may sneeze if it has an illness or have an allergic reaction.
XX may sleep if it is bored.
XX may work if it is doing job.
XX may leave the office if it is finished work.
XX may close the door if it comes home.
XX may argue if it is wrong.
XX may frown if it is the upset.
XX may become irritated if it becomes in traffic.
XX may become sick if it eats too much.
XX may laugh if it watches funny movies.
XX may sigh if it becomes impatient.
XX may sleep if it is drowzy.
XX may make coffee if it is thirsty.
XX may run if it is healthy.
XX may eat a snack if it has nothing to do.
XX may throw up if it is dizzy or ill.
XX may teach their children at home if it wants the child to be home-schooled.
XX may laugh if it experiences something funny.
XX may relax if it sleeps.
XX may use the printer if it wants to print out a report.
XX may play a game if it is bored.
XX may push if it wants to get ahead.
XX may bring flowers if it has something to celebrate.
XX may need a lighter if it wants to light a fire.
XX may use the stereo if it listens to a cd.
XX may cry if it is nervous.
XX may buy new pillows if it has a sore neck.
XX may drink the soda if it wants to relax.
XX may make copies if it uses the copier.
XX may sneeze if it has an allergy.
XX may use the fax machine if it needs to send copies of a report instantly.
XX may become stressed out if it is too busy.
XX may work if it is growing flowers.
XX may brush their teeth if it becomes up in the morning.
XX may watch softball if it wants fun.
XX may worry if it is confused.
XX may dance if it goes to a club.
XX may faint if it loses the blood.
XX may wash if it wants to look nice.
XX may smile if it is excited.
XX may take notes if it is doing some research.
XX may look up if it hears their name called.
XX may comb their hair if it has messy hair.
XX may sew if it needs clothes.
XX may brush their teeth if it eats.
XX may use vails on the face if it does not want someone to see the face.
XX may drive if it is going away.
XX may bury people if it dies.
XX may pay if it buys something.
XX may fly a plane if it needs to get to another continent.
XX may love if it is loved.
XX may fly in planes if it goes on business trips.
XX may call out if it wants something.
XX may open windows if it wants fresh air.
XX may do research if it is looking for information.
XX may become angry if it feels they have been mistreated.
XX may use the fax machine if it wants to send a copy of a form.
XX may call police if it sees a crime.
XX may try if it needs to succeed.
XX may become grounded if it misbehaves.
XX may work if it is broke.
XX may answer the phone if it hears it ringing.
XX may kiss if it becomes the mood.
XX may wear hats if it is in the sun.
XX may burp if it has carbonation built up in their throat.
XX may fall over if it is dizzy.
XX may cry if it watches sad movie.
XX may garden if it wants to have a nice backyard.
XX may play basketball if it wants the exercise.
XX may put on their glasses if it needs to read something.
XX may eat food if it is on their lunch break.
XX may adjust the thermostat if it is cold.
XX may become angry if it is made to wait too long.
XX may relax if it is tired.
XX may open their eyes if it sneezes.
XX may write if it composes a memo.
XX may rotate if it spins.
XX may wash their car if it needs to clean the dirt off of it.
XX may stomp their feet if it is the upset.
XX may have a party if it celebrates.
XX may cross their arms over their chests if it is defensive.
XX may place pictures in frames if it sees the picture is out of frame.
XX may dry off if it is done bathing.
XX may listen to their mp3 player if it wants to hear music.
XX may shout if it is frightened.
XX may like to go on vacation if it has the time.
XX may greet others if it meets.
XX may put shoes if it goes out.
XX may wash their clothes if it has dirty clothes.
XX may find love if it is lonely.
XX may want to get rid of worms in the body if it has worms in the body.
XX may sniff if it has stuffy noses.
XX may dream if it is asleep.
XX may sneeze if it breathes in dust.
XX may sweat if it runs.
XX may walk if it is excercising.
XX may sniff if it is cold.
XX may become the drunk if it drinks too much.
XX may move if it becomes evicted.
XX may exercise if it needs the energy.
XX may make much money if it is doctors.
XX may cook food if it wants to eat.
XX may marry if it loves each others.
XX may apologize if it farts.
XX may stand if it is presenting.
XX may work if it has to.
XX may call friends if it is lonely.
XX may write if it needs to.
XX may garden if it is bored.
XX may sing if it has a song in their head.
XX may become angry if it loses their temper.
XX may obtain a stuffy nose if it has a cold.
XX may phone if it wants to talk.
XX may laugh if it is happy.
XX may entertain if it parties.
XX may yawn if it becomes tired.
XX may whistle if it is cheerful.
XX may buy if it is buying stuff.
XX may open the blinds if it wakes up.
XX may salivate if it sees the stake.
XX may drink if it is drinking.
XX may dry their hair if it becomes out of the shower.
XX may want a car that runs if it buys a car.
XX may say 'bless you' if it hears someone sneeze.
XX may become irritable if it doesn't sleep for a night.
XX may study if it is preparing for an exam.
XX may watch the TV if it is bored.
XX may starve if it doesn't eat.
XX may walk if it wants to get exercise.
XX may take notes if it is listening.
XX may go to the emergency room if it has a medical emergency.
XX may spray liquid heat on car handle if it sees car handle is frozen.
XX may punch if it fights.
XX may bite if it is eating food to big to fully put in their mouth.
XX may put lotion on if it has dry skin.
XX may dance if it is bored.
XX may water plants if it wants plants to be healthy.
XX may be tired if it doesn't sleep.
XX may be doctors if it wants to help.
XX may take an aspirin if it has a migraine.
XX may use the stove if it cooks dinner.
XX may whisper if it tells a secret.
XX may be stressed if it has a lot of debt.
XX may sweat if it works out.
XX may clap if it is at a hockey game.
XX may use a computer if it goes online.
XX may gain the weight if it overeats.
XX may jog if it is jogging.
XX may dress warm if it is cold.
XX may become clean if it bathes.
XX may drink if it is lonely.
XX may open their eyes if it wakes up.
XX may write on a pad if it needs to make notes.
XX may make coffee if it needs a caffeine fix.
XX may run if it is in a big hurry.
XX may fight if it is the drunk.
XX may act silly if it is embarrassed.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to keep pages together.
XX may brush their teeth if it is taking care of their teeth.
XX may use a blanket if it wants to stay warm.
XX may use the phone if it wants to make a call.
XX may wait if it is in line.
XX may swim if it is in water.
XX may take the bus if it needs to get somewhere.
XX may breathe deeply if it wants to relax.
XX may run if it is a hurry.
XX may feed if it is hungry.
XX may wear glasses if it doesn't see.
XX may eat dinner if it is home from work.
XX may walk if it is walikng.
XX may sit if it feels tired.
XX may walk if it wants to.
XX may love if it is attracted.
XX may stop the car if it reaches a red light.
XX mayn't work if it is sick.
XX may cry if it is happy.
XX may become the upset if it is annoyed.
XX may make a phone call if it needs to contact someone.
XX may use the telephone if it needs to make a call.
XX may hunt if it is hungry.
XX may be depressed if it is sad.
XX may speak if it wants to express.
XX may blame each other if it thinks that the other is at fault.
XX may watch their diet if it wants to lose weight.
XX may go out if it wants to meet people.
XX may wear sunglasses if it is in bright light.
XX may buy impulsive things if it is nervous.
XX may cough if it has liquid in their lungs.
XX may try to relax if it is stressed.
XX may have the cake if it is at a birthday party.
XX may feed the dog if it thinks the dog is hungry.
XX may clean up if it notices things are dirty.
XX may walk if it goes out.
XX may flinch if it reacts to something.
XX may drink alcohol if it feels lonely.
XX may gossip if it has nothing better to do.
XX may smoke a cigarette if it craves the nicotine.
XX may sit if it is eating.
XX may sleep if it is taking sleeping pills.
XX may go to the beach if it wants to enjoy the nice weather.
XX may become angry if it feels they are misunderstood.
XX may hit if it is really furious.
XX may cry if it upsets.
XX may drive if it needs to get to work.
XX may blink if it has irritated eyes.
XX may use socks if it puts on shoes.
XX may be grateful if it is helped to do something difficult.
XX may walk if it goes someplace.
XX may swallow if it eats.
XX may eat if it depresses.
XX may smoke cigarettes if it has an addiction.
XX may bike if it is healthy.
XX may talk if it uses the phone.
XX may take the aspirin if it becomes headaches.
XX may fall if it slips.
XX may cough if it is really sick.
XX may study if it learns.
XX may eat breakfst if it is hungry.
XX may choose which chruch if it wants to go to church.
XX may put things in the fridge if it wants to preserve it.
XX may talk on the phone if it has something to say.
XX may go to a meeting if it has something to discuss.
XX may run if it tries to get somewhere fast.
XX may visit friends if it is on vacation.
XX may use a hammer if it wants to drive a nail in piece of wood.
XX may become sad if it hears bad news.
XX may wash dishes if it is done eating.
XX may be relaxed if it is sleeping.
XX may scream if it upsets.
XX may go tanning if it does not have a tan.
XX may craft if it wants yodas.
XX may hang curtains on windows if it wants the privacy.
XX may wake up if it has to go to work.
XX may eat if it becomes hungry.
XX may be boring if it becomes old.
XX may wash up if it is unclean.
XX may help if it wants to be supportive.
XX may carve pumpkins if it celebrates Halloween.
XX may fly if it travels.
XX may take rock out of shoe if it has rock in shoe.
XX may wash their hair if it is taking a shower.
XX may cry if it is the hit.
XX may play music if it wants to relax.
XX may call you names if it is mean.
XX may smile if it is having fun.
XX may hold hands if it is in love.
XX may help this program if it is generous.
XX may run if it is trying to get away from something.
XX may read from a book if it needs information.
XX may swallow if it is eating soup.
XX may turn red if it is angry.
XX may be angry if it is unjustly accused.
XX may use a search engine if it needs information.
XX may huddle if it is cold.
XX may go to the fridge if it is hungry.
XX may purchase ribbons if it wraps a present.
XX may open their mouth if it talks.
XX may play games if it is not busy.
XX may drink beer if it goes to a bar.
XX may sleep on bed if it is resting.
XX may become tired if it is working outside.
XX may turn on the fan if it feels too hot.
XX may use information if it needs to learn something.
XX may check email if it goes online.
XX may surf the net if it is looking for information.
XX may mow if it cuts their lawn.
XX may become sick if it becomes infected with a disease.
XX may chew their fingernails if it has nothing to do.
XX may profit if it teaches open minds.
XX may type if it is corresponding.
XX may yell if it feels ignored.
XX may become a chef if it likes to cook.
XX may yell if it is fusterated.
XX may eat a snack if it is a little hungry.
XX may send children to gun safety classes if it wants to teach the child about gun safety.
XX may do flips if it is in gymnastics.
XX may jog if it feels fat.
XX may sleep on bed if it is tired.
XX may sunbathe if it wants a suntan.
XX may frown if it is annoyed.
XX may floss if it has food stuck in their teeth.
XX may take a walk if it wants to get some fresh air.
XX may eat if it bores.
XX may put on their headphones if it wants to listen to music.
XX may be strange if it is strangers.
XX may go shopping if it is in need of things.
XX may do not swim in water if it does not know how to swim.
XX may exercise if it wants to stay in shape.
XX may obtain a massage if it needs to relax.
XX may cry if it sees sad movies.
XX may cook gourmet food if it wants to eat something special.
XX may eat rice if it is Asian.
XX may smack their lips if it is enjoying a meal.
XX may give money to the merchant if it buys things.
XX may search the internet if it needs to get information.
XX may laugh if it is having fun.
XX may swim if it wants to cool off.
XX may be happy if it is healthy.
XX may be happy if it loves each other.
XX may run if it wants to get somewhere fast.
XX may clean a mirror if it sees that the mirror is dirty.
XX may be happy if it is amused.
XX may type if it is on a computer.
XX may help people if it sees someone in need.
XX may work if it is working.
XX may fail if it tries too hard.
XX may cry if it breaks up.
XX may stand if it walks.
XX may wink if it is joking.
XX may build a garage if it wants their car in a garage.
XX may be sad if it moves away from ome.
XX may buy clothes if it needs new clothes.
XX may watch the television if it becomes bored.
XX may become up if it is awake.
XX may enjoy if it is with friends.
XX may drink a beer if it wants to relaz.
XX may talk  to others if it is working.
XX may want to make a difference if it is born.
XX may dress if it is the nude.
XX may smile if it is being polite.
XX may turn on the desk lamp if it is working at their desk.
XX may like to diet if it thinks they are too fat.
XX may staple the paper if it wants to keep sheets of paper together.
XX may work on the computer if it wants to earn money.
XX may feel bad if it hurts someones feelings.
XX may make money if it works.
XX may ride on ships if it wants to go on a cruse.
XX may jump up and down if it is excited.
XX may use ipods if it downloads music.
XX may smile if it sees some smile at them.
XX may break doors if it is locked out.
XX may use the washroom if it needs to relieve themselves.
XX may yell if it is happy.
XX may chuckle if it hears a joke.
XX may become angry if it is annoyed.
XX may jump if it sees a spider.
XX may scream if it is scared.
XX may sweat if it is ho.
XX may read the book if it needs information.
XX may ask a question if it is unsure.
XX may smile if it hears a baby laugh.
XX may use a pen if it is the writing.
XX may argue if it wants to get their point across.
XX may go to school if it is being educated.
XX may go to the basement if it wants cooler air.
XX may talk if it wants to learn more about other people.
XX may clap if it is happy.
XX may cook a meal if it is hosting a party.
XX may smile if it wins an award.
XX may switch off the computer if it leaves the office in the evening.
XX may bruise if it is bumped.
XX may obtain a drink from the water cooler if it is thirsty.
XX may babble if it is nervous.
XX may drink if it becomes thirsty.
XX may procrastinate if it is bored.
XX may turn on the fan if it is hot.
XX may beat if it has to beat.
XX may hum if it is the thinking.
XX may smoke if it is stupid.
XX may sleep if it is very tired.
XX may fly in planes if it wants to go long distances.
XX may listen to opeth if it wants to hear prog metal.
XX may pack their clothes if it is going on a trip.
XX may laugh if it finds a joke funny.
XX may barf if it is sick.
XX may gasp if it is shocked.
XX may run if it is bord.
XX may speed if it is in a hurry.
XX may perspire if it becomes too hot.
XX may pick apples if it has an apple tree.
XX may write if it is inspired.
XX may put on heavier clothes if it is cold.
XX may cover their mouth if it coughs.
XX may look funny if it dances.
XX may be cremated if it dies.
XX may have the cake if it has a birthday.
XX may have babies if it becomes pregnant.
XX may shrug if it doesn't care.
XX may complain if it is doing homework.
XX may jump if it is shocked.
XX may grumble if it is mad.
XX may panic if it has no more time.
XX may type if it uses computers.
XX may like it if it is told the truch.
XX may stretch if it becomes stiff.
XX may sing if it is in love.
XX may jump if it is trying to get off the ground.
XX may sit if it talks on the phone.
XX may use the kleenex if it sneezes.
XX may obtain a massage if it needs to relaz.
XX may hire babysitters to look after the children if it has to go to work.
XX may think if it has a decision to make.
XX may clap if it approves of you.
XX may pee if it has a full bladder.
XX may sing if it showers.
XX may inhale and exhale if it breathes.
XX may stretch if it is tired.
XX may sing if it likes a song.
XX may pay if it owes.
XX may write emails if it needs to communicate.
XX may go grocery shopping if it wants to cook something.
XX may put on swimsuit if it goes to swim.
XX may dream of new ways if it sees the old ways do not work any more.
XX may talk if it is presenting.
XX may check for mail if it comes home in the evening.
XX may laugh if it thinks something is humerous.
XX may die if it is put in the ground.
XX may use the correction fluid if it makes a mistake while writing.
XX may surf the internet if it is not supervised at work.
XX may drink the soda if it feels thristy.
XX may read if it is relaxing.
XX may buy new motor for car if it has old motor for car.
XX may play games if it bores.
XX may watch the news if it wants to become smarter.
XX may have runny noses if it has a cold.
XX may laugh if it is amused.
XX may ask if it needs.
XX may purchase new toothbrush if it sees their toothbrush is old.
XX may drink if it is depressed.
XX may run away if it is scared.
XX may take PHOTOS if it wants.
XX may study if it is in school.
XX may wave Hello if it recognizes a neighbour.
XX may order food in if it doesn't feel like cooking.
XX may edit words if it is irritated by bad grammar.
XX may feel if it is touching something.
XX may worry if it is concerned about something that can go wrong.
XX may put on a seatbelt if it drives.
XX may eat too much if it is stressed out.
XX may wash the car if it sees the car is dirty.
XX may listen if it speaks to.
XX may eat if it feels bad.
XX may celebrate if it accomplishes a goal.
XX may write if it has to write a letter.
XX may be grumpy if it is tired.
XX may have to learn to make money if it grows up.
XX may sing songs if it is the musical.
XX may type fast if it is in a hurry.
XX may make love if it loves their significant other.
XX may become excited if it is about to go on vacation.
XX may die if it is poisoned.
XX may die if it is too old.
XX may blow dry their hair if it comes out of the shower.
XX may replace the lightbulb if it has burned out light bulbs.
XX may swim if it wants exerc ise.
XX may be happy if it is paid.
XX may change if it has kids.
XX may be bad if it steals.
XX may sell things if it needs money.
XX may swear if it becomes hurt.
XX may run if it runs.
XX may correct themsleves if it makes a mistake.
XX may put on the air-conditioner if it feels hot.
XX may talk if it needs to express their feelings.
XX may walk if it needs to go out.
XX may grab an ashtray if it wants to smoke.
XX may run if it wants to loose weight.
XX may smile if it is joking.
XX may think if it sits.
XX may go to the dentist if it has teeth that hurt.
XX may laugh if it is having ufn.
XX may eat an apple if it wants a healthy snack.
XX may become scared if it is in danger.
XX may look at clocks if it wants to know what time it is.
XX may be happy if it smiles.
XX may chat if it is talking.
XX may sleep if it becomes tired.
XX may take an aspirin if it has a headache.
XX may work out if it wants to lose weight.
XX may wash their laundry if it needs clean clothes.
XX may read the paper if it wants to keep up with current affairs.
XX may become red if it lies.
XX may celebrate if it wins money.
XX may cry if it hates.
XX may eat if it is very hungry.
XX may smile if it is flirting.
XX may run if it is playing sports.
XX may play games if it wants to have fun.
XX may smile if it meets people.
XX may laugh if it is happy sometimes.
XX may be quiet if it is sleeping.
XX may squirm if it is afriad.
XX may brush their teeth if it wants fresh breath.
XX may relax if it comes home from work.
XX may pray if it is in church.
XX may sneeze if it is getting sick.
XX may groan if it hears a lame joke.
XX may shake if it is hungry.
XX may sit if it is tired of standing.
XX may yell if it is very angry or very happy.
XX may lick their lips if it is nervous.
XX may become jealous if it wants what they can't have.
XX may talk if it walks sometimes.
XX may call 911 if it has a emergency.
XX may clean if it makes a mess.
XX may sleep if it is depressed.
XX may carry packages if it is delivered.
XX may drink coffee if it eats the desert.
XX may write a check if it needs to make a payment.
XX may eat if it is famished.
XX may wake up if it is finished sleepinng.
XX may shake if it excites.
XX may go to the washroom if it has too much to drink.
XX may have a snack if it has the munchies.
XX may put on shoes if it goes outside.
XX may frown if it doesn't understand.
XX may call 911 if it is in trouble.
XX may run the dishwasher if it is out of clean dishes.
XX may go to bed if it needs to sleep.
XX may cook for many if it has a party.
XX may cry if it is desolate.
XX may fight if it is mad.
XX may go to the store for food if it has used up all the food they have at home.
XX may look outside if it wants to see what is going on.
XX may turn on the air conditioner if it is warm.
XX may sing if it is joyful.
XX may blow their noses if it has a cold.
XX may feel incompetent if it is always told that they are stupid.
XX may object if it is made to wait.
XX may study if it likes to learn.
XX may make calls if it needs information.
XX may tremble if it is angry.
XX may become rid of cobwebs if it sees them in the house.
XX may pay taxes if it makes income.
XX may be nervous if it has an interview.
XX may answer the telephone if it hears it ring.
XX may act if it is asked.
XX may vomit if it feels sick.
XX may pay their bills if it is responsible.
XX may like to swim if it is hot.
XX may shave if it wants smooth skin.
XX may fail if it doesn't study.
XX may smoke if it is on break.
XX may talk if it is bored.
XX may read books if it wants to be entertained.
XX may go for lunch if it is hungry.
XX may twiddle their thumbs if it is bored.
XX may eat pizza if it is watching football on tv.
XX may jump if it is excited.
XX may clap if it gives an applause.
XX may snore if it is asleep.
XX may ask questions if it needs the clarification.
XX may clean the house if it thinks it's messy.
XX may use the printer if it wants to print a document.
XX may learn if it is teached.
XX may sing sometimes if it is happy.
XX may sit if it types.
XX may give up if it doesn't continue.
XX may worry if it doesn't hear from their loved ones.
XX may seem to misunderstand if it tries to explain things sometimes.
XX may smile if it is hiding something.
XX may read if it wants to know more about a subject.
XX may shop if it needs clothes.
XX may exhale if it breathes.
XX may applaud if it sees a performance.
XX may cry if it is deceived.
XX may clean if it has a messy house.
XX may brush their teeth if it is in the bathroom.
XX may laugh if it is entertained.
XX may love if it loves.
XX may like it if it becomes surprises.
XX may be sad if it loses.
XX may wave if it says Hello.
XX may become hungry if it doesn't eat breakfast.
XX may be quiet if it is listening.
XX may press a button on the remote if it wants to change channels.
XX may watch the TV if it bores.
XX may be usually helpful if it sees that someone needs help.
XX may roll their necks if it is in pain.
XX may watch the family guy if it wants to laugh.
XX may become irritated if it is tired.
XX may sing if it is paid to.
XX may roll if it is on fire.
XX may open a present if it obtains a present.
XX may drink the liquor if it parties.
XX may jump if it is startled.
XX may drink a beer if it wants to relax.
XX may become the heartburn if it has gas.
XX may turn on a light if it doesn't see.
XX may cry if it has been upset.
XX may learn if it makes mistakes.
XX may teach their children about bugs if it sees the child is interested in bugs.
XX may cry if it is fusterated.
XX may read the paper if it wants to know about the news.
XX may read books if it has free time.
XX may burp if it is bloated.
XX may gather around the water cooler if it is bored.
XX may cheer if it is excited.
XX may drink tea if it is thirsty.
XX may starve if it has no money.
XX may use a ruler if it needs to measure something.
XX may buy things if it has money.
XX may play sports if it wants to be active.
XX may be responsible if it treats responsibly.
XX may be happy if it satisfies.
XX may surf the internet if it is procrastinating.
XX may work if it owes money.
XX may purchase balloons if it is having party.
XX may think if it is confused.
XX may become confused if it doesn't know their surroundings.
XX may ride the waves if it has a surfboard.
XX may change the babies diaper if it smells the poop.
XX may turn red if it is sunburned.
XX may be timid if it is unsure.
XX may quit if it hates their job.
XX may blink if it has sore eyes.
XX may wash thier windows if it sees the windows are dirty.
XX may stumble if it trips.
XX may see the TV if it needs the entertainment.
XX may sit down if it is tired.
XX may earn money if it works.
XX may shiver if it is thrilled.
XX may relax if it watches the television.
XX may read the paper if it eats breakfast.
XX may consume food if it is hungry.
XX may drink something caffeinated if it is feeling drowsy.
XX may drink water if it finishes walking.
XX may paint if it is inspired.
XX may walk if it needs to get around.
XX may clean child's face if it sees child's face is dirty.
XX may make dinner if it is finished work.
XX may pray if it is scared.
XX may smile if it is laughing.
XX may read if it is in class.
XX may sneeze if it has an itchy nos.
XX may turn on fan if it sees that the room is hot.
XX may sleep if it is tiree.
XX may go swimming if it wants to exercise.
XX may take the aspirin if it has a ache.
XX may like sweet potatoes if it eats thanksgiving dinner.
XX may sit if it is watching tv.
XX may brush their teeth if it wakes in the morning.
XX may cry if it is attacked.
XX may ask questions if it is confused.
XX may drive if it is going to work.
XX may eat if it needs nutrients.
XX may use the printer if it wants a copy of a webpage.
XX may replace light bulbs if it has used the light bulbs.
XX may run if it is trying to stay active.
XX may type if it needs to get work done.
XX may wet if it is swimming.
XX may slouch if it is dejected.
XX may cry if it is lost.
XX may obtain a bandaid if it has a minor injury.
XX may turn on lights if it needs to read after dark.
XX may raise their voices if it argues.
XX may trip if it catches their toe.
XX may rest if it exhausts.
XX may drink if it has parched throats.
XX may be confused if it doesn't know what is going on.
XX may smoke if it is nervous.
XX may wear coats if it becomes cold.
XX may stink if it doesn't wash Themselves.
XX may run if it exercises.
XX may scream if it startles.
XX may become frustrated if it doesn't know how to do something.
XX may cry if it hears upsetting news.
XX may become hungry if it plays.
XX may go to sea world if it wants to see the whales.
XX may lay down if it wants to rest.
XX may become married if it falls in love.
XX may use hot pads if it lifts hot pans.
XX may feel cold if it goes outside in winter.
XX may watch the TV if it is tired.
XX may teach their children manners if it does not want their children to be rude.
XX may drive if it needs to go places.
XX may listen to music if it is relaxing.
XX may be poor if it doesn't have any money.
XX may file their fingernails if it is chipped.
XX may hop if it plays the hopscotch.
XX may party if it is happy.
XX may flush if it uses the toilet.
XX may play music if it wants to have some background sound.
XX may type a letter if it needs to send a message.
XX may stretch if it has a cramp in their muscles.
XX may sweat if it exercises.
XX may take a bath if it feels dirty.
XX may say bad words if it is stressed and irritated.
XX may paint poorly if it doesn't sleep.
XX may become grumpy if it is hungry.
XX may smile if it greets eachother.
XX may speak into a computer headset if it conducts voip communication.
XX may chew if it eats.
XX may make a jackolantern out of a pumpkin if it knows that it is halloween.
XX may hug if it says the goodbye.
XX may use the phone if it needs to call somebody.
XX may use a sponge if it is cleaning a dish.
XX may lay down if it is tired.
XX may review what they have to accomplish during the work day if it arrives at work.
XX may walk if it travels.
XX may dance if it is partying.
XX may have stuffy noses if it has a cold.
XX may watch the TV if it wants to numb their minds.
XX may sing if it is really happy.
XX may dance if it is celebrating.
XX may burp if it drinks the coke.
XX may stay on the right side of the street if it rides a bike on street.
XX may cramp up if it has sore muscles.
XX may wrap presents if it has a birthday.
XX may look up the weather forecast if it wants to know what the weather is.
XX may work if it is getting paid.
XX may brush their hair if it wakes up every morning.
XX may sign if it is entertained.
XX may wear hats if it needs to shade their faves.
XX may jog if it wants to be healthy.
XX may grumble if it has something on their mind.
XX may drink water if it exercises.
XX may become frustrated if it doesn't do something.
XX may adjust their position if it is uncomfortable.
XX may listen to their mp3 player if it is on a break.
XX may sleep if it is ill.
XX may roll their eyes if it is annoyed.
XX may scream if it is afraid.
XX may try to learn if it is not smart.
XX may weep if it is hurt.
XX may take lighters away from children if it sees children having lighters.
XX may pee if it drinks too much.
XX may shop if it wants to buy food.
XX may turn on ac if it feels hot.
XX may tie shoes if it sees shoes untied.
XX may listen to the radio if it drives in the car.
XX may clean if it is bored.
XX may take showers if it becomes dirty.
XX may become into pyjamas if it goes to bed.
XX may put on shoes if it dresses.
XX may cry if it peels onions.
XX may be hungry if it does not eat.
XX may buy groceries if it has no food in the house.
XX may run if it is on a treadmill.
XX may be bored if it is not challenged.
XX may whine if it is cranky.
XX may put food in a cart if it is shopping for food.
XX may sweat if it is exerted.
XX may walk if it is dieting.
XX may do surveys if it wants to share their opinion.
XX may use tools if it repairs a car.
XX may eat a breath mint if it has bad breath.
XX may drink alcohol if it is enjoying themselves.
XX may wonder if it is thinking about something.
XX may use a pen if it wants to write a letter.
XX may rent dvd s if it wants to watch a movie.
XX may open the window if it wants some fresh air.
XX may read a bible if it wants to learn about jesus.
XX may shop if it is Rich.
XX may have a cigarette if it obtains a nicotine craving.
XX may panic if it is faced with an emergency.
XX may stretch if it wakes up.
XX may run if it is late.
XX may talk if it wants to share information.
XX may go out to eat if it feels like it.
XX may wake up if it needs to go to work.
XX may go for a run if it is working out.
XX may write if it is working.
XX may go on a diet if it gains too much weight.
XX may clean if it thinks things are dirty.
XX may open the window if it is too warm.
XX may sniffle if it is sick.
XX may chew ice if it is hot.
XX may use a webcam if it needs to video conference.
XX may cry if it is so happy.
XX may munch on a snack if it is hungry.
XX may sing a song if it knows the song.
XX may appear calm if it is confident.
XX may smile if it sees something funny.
XX may sing if it is in a choir.
XX may go to work if it is obligated to go to work.
XX may use a stapler if it attaches sheets of paper together.
XX may buy new clothes if it wants more clothes.
XX may work out if it wants to be active.
XX may go to the zoo if it wants to see gorilla s.
XX may answer if it calls.
XX may punch out for lunch if it is on a timeclock.
XX may smoke a cigarette if it completes their meal.
XX may call 911 if it needs an ambulance.
XX may invest in stocks if it has money to invest.
XX may love to help if it is people in need.
XX may use a hose if it is watering outdoor plants.
XX may water their garden if it has a garden.
XX may answer if it is called.
XX may drive the car if it has some where to go.
XX may wash up if it goes to bed.
XX may water plants if it is dry.
XX may lie if it is not telling the truth.
XX may use books if it wants to read.
XX may listen to music if it wants to be entertained.
XX may cough if it is choking.
XX may take medicines if it is sic.
XX may repair things if it breaks Them.
XX may turn if it is at the end of the corridor.
XX may clean up if it feels the house is dirty.
XX may drive a car if it has a car.
XX may love if it is appart.
XX may clap if it applauds.
XX may sit down if it wants to relax.
XX may take a shower if it works out.
XX may disagree if it fights.
XX may scream if it is alone.
XX may obtain a new heart if it has a heart that is not working properly.
XX may sleep if it is sleepy.
XX may run if it wants the exercise.
XX may read a book if it has some spare time.
XX may use computers if it writes reports.
XX may relax if it becomes home from work.
XX may go to sleep if it feels tired.
XX may spend money if it buys something.
XX may sleep in if it is ill.
XX may cough if it has the flu.
XX may use diapers if it has a baby.
XX may talk if it is with friends.
XX may travel if it wants to see family.
XX may laugh if it giggles.
XX may sit if it wants to rest.
XX may be stupid if it uses a calculator for basic math.
XX may shake hands if it meets each other.
XX may drink if it dehydrates.
XX may cry if it is sad'.
XX may fight if it is arguing.
XX may put on mittens if it goes out in the cold.
XX may move if it walks.
XX may eat the fast food if it feels hungry.
XX may be rude if it surrounds by rude people.
XX may turn off the lights on the christmas tree if it goes to bed.
XX may use the telephone if it wants to communicate with someone outside.
XX may talk a lot if it is nervous.
XX may sleep if it is worn out.
XX may pass gas if it eats too many beans.
XX may tap their feet if it is bored.
XX may frown if it perplexes.
XX may dance if it is the dancing.
XX may gain the weight if it eats too much food.
XX may talk if it is with other people.
XX may make the bed if it wakes up.
XX may ramble if it is nervous.
XX may comb their hair if it becomes up in the morning.
XX may sing if it listens to music.
XX may have problems if it has not learned to abide by the laws.
XX may sleep if it is sleeping.
XX may have a cigarette if it is taking break.
XX may laugh if it has left the theater and have heard a good joke.
XX may call if it misses you.
XX may add paper to the printer if it notices the printer is out of paper.
XX may put things away if it is done with them.
XX may become angry if it is frustrated.
XX may become mad if it is agravated.
XX may shake hands if it meets.
XX may feel loney if it is alone.
XX may order items online if it needs to shop.
XX may leave the house if it smells the smoke.
XX may lick their lips if it has had a good meal.
XX may put their hands on their hips if it is irritated.
XX may furrow their brows if it is concentrating.
XX may work if it needs to earn money.
XX may sit in a chair if it needs to rest.
XX may blow bubbles if it wants to.
XX may like to unwind if it comes home from work.
XX may stop moving if it sleeps.
XX may use the phone if it has someone to call.
XX may clean up if it has messy houses.
XX may use a computer if it wants to view a web page.
XX may wail if it is sad.
XX may rub their eyes if it has itchy eyes.
XX may lay down if it is going to sleep.
XX may call friends on the phone if it wants the company.
XX may use to dig for water if it wants to find water.
XX may smile if it is neighbourly.
XX may tremble if it needs to eat.
XX may be angry if it fights.
XX may paint a room if it doesn't like the color of the room.
XX may fight if it disagrees.
XX may sleep in a bed if it is tired.
XX may play if it is done with work.
XX may shut their eyes if it sneezes.
XX may use drugs if it is stupid.
XX may chew meat many times if it sees the meat is tough to chew.
XX may talk if it has something to say.
XX may wink if it is trying to be cute.
XX may clean if it sees things are dirty.
XX may shut their eyes if it doesn't want to see.
XX may blink a lot if it has something in their eyes.
XX may go to school if it is young.
XX may become agitated if it is provoked.
XX may wave flags if it feels patriotic.
XX may turn off the stove if it is done using the stove.
XX may drink if it is sad.
XX may change clothes if it works out.
XX may become the upset if it loses.
XX may brush their teeth if it is getting ready for bed.
XX may smile if it is hapy.
XX may celebrate if it makes a milestone.
XX may exercise if it wants to get in shape.
XX may bark if it is crazy.
XX may write if it is sending a letter.
XX may put clothes in a drawer if it is tidying.
XX may write if it conveys thooughts.
XX may call if it wants to talk.
XX may wave their hand if it says the goodbye.
XX may wash the floor if it wants the floor clean.
XX may work late if it is up against a deadline.
XX may shout if it needs to be heard.
XX may think if it is doing something.
XX may buy new coffee cup if it sees coffee cup is cracked.
XX may teach if it is taught.
XX may talk if it is with their friends.
XX may drink alcohol if it is depressed.
XX may lay down if it is in a bed.
XX may look at a watch if it wants to know what time it is.
XX may help each other if it is on the job.
XX may use the air refreshner if it feels the room smells.
XX may stand up if it is being polite.
XX may cry if it is not loved.
XX may go to ski if it is on holidays.
XX may laugh if it hears somethign funny.
XX may drool if it sleeps.
XX may give resumes if it is looking for a job.
XX may die if it becomes really old.
XX may invent new item if it needs new items.
XX may play videogames or read if it is bored.
XX may stay in bed if it is lazy.
XX may drink if it has sore throats.
XX may write if it has the paper.
XX may buy gifts if it celebrates Christmas.
XX may listen if it hears something interesting.
XX may become dizzy if it is done spinning.
XX may drink if it is really thirsty.
XX may yawn if it is sleep deprived.
XX may clap if it honors someone.
XX may use dishes if it eats.
XX may give others hugs if it is being affectionate.
XX may take the medication if it is sick.
XX may laugh if it is sad.
XX may wash dishes if it piles up too much.
XX may work out if it is on break.
XX may run if it is dieting.
XX may have sex if it is attracted to each other.
XX may groan if it is in pain.
XX may drink coffee if it is tired.
XX may grumble if it is unhappy.
XX may swing if it wants the comfort.
XX may dial if it uses the phone.
XX may kill if it is not right in the head.
XX may laugh if it reads something funny.
XX may listen to the radio if it drives.
XX may call a plumber if it has trouble with their pipes.
XX may obtain a rash if it is allergic to something.
XX may go to the bathroom if it needs to dispose of bodily waste.
XX may grimace if it is mad.
XX may use the telephone if it calls someone.
XX may become angry if it is aggitated.
XX may put on sunscreen if it goes to the beach.
XX may cook food if it is hungry.
XX may speak louder if it is unheard.
XX may sit down at a desk if it has the paperwork.
XX may boil and dye eggs if it knows it is easter.
XX may hurry if it is running late.
XX may wiggle if it is bored.
XX may jump if it is happy.
XX may smell if it cooks.
XX may write if it has something to remember.
XX may frown if it upsets.
XX may shake if it is afraid.
XX may hit the sack if it becomes tired.
XX may smoke cigarettes if it develops a bad habit.
XX may go to middle school if it turns 11 years old.
XX may write a letter if it wants to say thanks.
XX may dress the well if it comes to office.
XX may drink cold drink if it needs to cool off.
XX may use katsup on eggs if it likes katsup on eggs.
XX may buy air conditioners if it needs something to make the house cooler.
XX may read a newspaper if it wants to learn of current events.
XX may weep if it is at a funeral.
XX may cry if it sees a sad movie.
XX may snicker if it thinks something is funny.
XX may water  houseplants if it STARTS to wilt.
XX may work if it has no money.
XX may take off their shoes if it sleeps.
XX may lie down if it feels dizzy.
XX may feed the ducks if it is at the duck pond.
XX may do not eat if it is ill.
XX may wrap the gift if it gives a gift.
XX may eat if it is you hungery.
XX may move if it is in trouble.
XX may go to movies if it wants the entertainment.
XX may walk fast if it is in a hurry.
XX may sneeze if it smells pepper.
XX may whisper if it needs to be quiet.
XX may feed the baby if it sees the baby cry.
XX may put pepper on food if it likes food spicier.
XX may speak if it has an idea.
XX may sing if it is listening to their favorite tunes.
XX may eat if it is not hungry sometimes.
XX may sweat if it eats spicy food.
XX may laugh if it sneezes.
XX may turn on the pc if it wants to use it.
XX may use their hands if it has dirty hands.
XX may chirp if it is crazy.
XX may stretch their legs if it is sitting for a long time.
XX may die if it becomes old and sick or injured very badly.
XX may wear glasses if it needs to see better.
XX may have problems if it owes the state money.
XX may do research if it needs to know something.
XX may cry if it feels strong emotion.
XX may send children to elementary school if it turns five years old.
XX may turn on the light in a room if it notices it's getting dark.
XX may read if it wants to learn.
XX may think if it needs to solve a problem.
XX may walk if it is in thepark.
XX may use the photocopier if it wants to make copies of a document.
XX may redecorate if it bores with their current design.
XX may want to eat if it finishes playing sports.
XX may go to bank if it wants money.
XX may binge if it hurts.
XX may become happy if it has a new baby.
XX may reply to e-mail if it becomes an e-mail.
XX may become starved if it has nothing to eat.
XX may blink if it is in the sun.
XX may go to the hospital if it is sick.
XX may buy the candy if it wants a treat.
XX may stumble if it trips over something.
XX may eat coffee if it is tired.
XX may take a shower if it feels not clean.
XX may go home if it is done at office.
XX may tremble if it is nervous.
XX may eat Turkey if it celebrates Thanksgiving.
XX may fold clothes if it is doing laundry.
XX may become sick if it eats raw fish.
XX may talk if it is in a conversation.
XX may look for other people if it feels lonely.
XX may wear matching socks if it wears socks.
XX may sigh if it is blah.
XX may rush if it is in a hurry.
XX may talk if it has something to sqy.
XX may exit if it wants to leave.
XX may play computer games if it is bored.
XX may take coffee breaks if it becomes tired.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to know what month it is.
XX may buy cars if it does not want to walk.
XX may mow the lawn if it has a lawn of tall grass.
XX may scream if it is in danger.
XX may cook the chicken if it wants to eat chicken.
XX may hang pictures in their house if it has pictures to hang on the wall.
XX may click on the link if it is interested.
XX may become dressed if it has taken a shower.
XX may read if it is in bed.
XX may laugh if it is giddy.
XX may want to get married inside if it sees it will rain outside.
XX may run if it is racing.
XX may play if it bores.
XX may give presents if it wants to make others happy.
XX may chew if it is eating.
XX may run if it plays baseball.
XX may work at jobs they do not like if it needs money.
XX may throw up if it is feeling sick.
XX may sigh if it is sad.
XX may watch the television if it wants to be entertained.
XX may cook if it eats.
XX may put on their glasses if it has trouble seeing.
XX may study if it has to take exams.
XX may blink if it surprises.
XX may have hands clasped if it prays.
XX may do their work if it has work to do.
XX may burn if it stays out in the sun too long.
XX may hate if it is different.
XX may turn on lights if it wants to see clearly.
XX may bathe if it is feeling like they need to clean themselves.
XX may sleep if it is tired.
XX may drive if it is in the drivers seat of a car.
XX may smell if it is dirty.
XX may eat if it is feeling weak.
XX may say the nonsense if it is the drunk.
XX may ask questions if it needs to know something.
XX may use a fluorescent marker if it wants to hightlight something.
XX may read a newspaper if it wants information.
XX may crawl if it is unable to walk.
XX may scream if it wants someone to come immediately.
XX may fight if it cheats.
XX may garden if it is stressed.
XX may answer the phone if it obtains a phone call.
XX may make ice if it wants a cold drink.
XX may drink if it celebrates.
XX may frown if it is angry.
XX may travel if it wants to experience new things.
XX may giggle if it hears something funny.
XX may chew the fat if it talks.
XX may use united parcel service if it wants to mail a package.
XX may take the shower if it is sweaty.
XX may pat each other on the back if it wins.
XX may sneeze if it has a tickly nose.
XX may walk if it is Mobile.
XX may have cold if it catches cold.
XX may watch the television if it is sitting on the sofa.
XX may drive cars on the right side of the street if it lives in the u s.
XX may cook the noodles if it is making spegettii.
XX may talk if it converses.
XX may buy CDS if it doesn't want to download.
XX may use the toothpaste if it brushes their teeth.
XX may go see a film if it wants the entertainment.
XX may frown if it concentrates.
XX may apologize if it hurts someone they love.
XX may work if it wants to make money.
XX may go to the beach if it wants to relax.
XX may have problems if it is not tactful.
XX may run if it exercises.
XX may drool if it is hungyr.
XX may type if it is writting e-mails.
XX may wash their hands if it is finished using the toilet.
XX may eat snacks if it is hungry.
XX may go shopping if it needs groceries.
XX may itch if it has a rash.
XX may lift their feet if it finds something sharp below their feet.
XX may converse if it is interested.
XX may use an eraser if it makes a mistake with a pencil.
XX may dress up if it has a function to attend.
XX may laugh if it coughs.
XX may hug their children if it is in a good mood.
XX may cry in pain if it is injured.
XX may go to parties if it is invited.
XX may say Hello if it is greeting one another.
XX may search if it loses things.
XX may smile if it is taking a picture.
XX may use an axe if it needs to chop wood.
XX may take the rest if it is tired.
XX may read if it is tired.
XX may sweat if it has sex.
XX may pout if it is spoiled.
XX may pant if it is exhausted.
XX may work if it becomes paid.
XX may sweat if it is in the sun.
XX may startle if it hears a loud noise.
XX may put angels on top of tree if it has a christmas tree.
XX may snort if it laughs.
XX may walk if it needs to move.
XX may drink if it is having dinner.
XX may become cranky if it is hungry.
XX may yell if it wants to be loud.
XX may hide if it is in trouble.
XX may dial the phone if it wants to call.
XX may use a tissue to wipe their nose if it has a cold.
XX may sit down if it is eating.
XX may dress warmly if it goes out in the snow.
XX may buy the fast food if it wants something fast.
XX may read if it wants to know more.
XX may drink if it bores.
XX may sit in a chair if it needs to rest.
XX may cry if it misses home.
XX may give food to the poor if it has extra food.
XX may wash dishes if it cleans thekitchen.
XX may be sad if it mourns.
XX may put ice in their soda if it forgets to put soda in the fridge.
XX may scratch if it feels itchy.
XX may use a calculator if it doesn't do the math.
XX may evacuate if it sees there is a fire.
XX may drink water if it feels thirsty.
XX may read books if it bores of tv.
XX may yell if it is excited.
XX may find something to do if it becomes bored.
XX may laugh if it is told a funny joke.
XX may go to a doctor if it is sick.
XX may snore if it sleeps.
XX may hear if it listens.
XX may read the newspaper if it wants to know their daily horoscope.
XX may organize their desks if it wants a promotion.
XX may sneeze if it has a cold.
XX may go for a walk if it wants some exercise.
XX may cry if it fights.
XX may brush their teeth if it feels dirty.
XX may sneeze if it sneezes.
XX may fly if it jumps.
XX may watch if it interests.
XX may smile if it obtains a raise.
XX may flush the toilet if it uses the bathroom.
XX may sneeze if it catches cold.
XX may burn if it is on fire.
XX may beat if it becomes angry.
XX may log off if it is leaving.
XX may become angry if it is wronged.
XX may eat ice cream if it is hot.
XX may open a letter if it becomes mail.
XX may laugh if it is excited.
XX may do the dishes if it doesn't have anymore clean.
XX may watch the TV if it needs the entertainment.
XX may cry if it is struck.
XX may stutter if it feels nervous.
XX may cover their noses if it sneezes.
XX may buy new clothes if it hears of a new fashion.
XX may show thumbs up if it means OK.
XX may laugh if it is humored.
XX may cry if it is aching.
XX may clean Themselves if it is in the shower.
XX may use a footstool if it wants to rest their legs.
XX may study if it has exams.
XX may use bandaids if it needs to protect a cut from germs.
XX may drink if it is dehydrated.
XX may lay down if it goes to sleep.
XX may smile if it sees sunshie.
XX may floss if it becomes food stuck in their teeth.
XX may hurry if it is almost late.
XX may laugh if it observes something funny.
XX may brush teeth if it wakes.
XX may drive if it wants to get somewhere.
XX may swear if it is frightened.
XX may use the pc if it needs to compose a letter.
XX may shake the hand if it meets.
XX may scream if it is happy.
XX may say Hello if it is greeted.
XX may listen to music if it is relaxing at home.
XX may work if it is bored.
XX may worry if it is scared.
XX may read if it holds a book.
XX may drink beer if it wants to socialize.
XX may tap their fingers if it is annoyed.
XX may cry if it is saddened.
XX may play with their children if it has spare time.
XX may go to lunch together if it doesn't want to eat alone.
XX may read a book if it is in bed.
XX may change their hard drive if it has a broken hard drive.
XX may eat if it is sad.
XX may ride their bike if it is trying to save the environment.
XX may become frustrated if it doesn't finish their task.
XX may swim if it knows how to swim.
XX may shiver if it is scared or cold.
XX may sit in a chair if it feels tired.
XX may run if it feels gogging.
XX may save their email if it wants to read it again.
XX may want to play if it bores.
XX may pull the car to the curb if it hears an ambulance.
XX may cringe if it is scared.
XX may become hair cuts if it has long hair.
XX may change sheets on bed if it sees sheets have become dirty.
XX may sneeze if it has an allergic reaction.
XX may whine if it is unhappy.
XX may hug if it is consoling each other.
XX may shake if it has adrenaline rushes.
XX may go to the office if it works.
XX may be sick if it doesn't wear a coat when it's cold outside.
XX may use a toaster oven if it wants to reheat pizza.
XX may sing if it is in a good mood.
XX may become unproductive if it works too many hours.
XX may become butterflies if it becomes nervous.
XX may run if it wants to exercise.
XX may talk to each other if it wants to communicate.
XX may leave work if it is ready.
XX may cry tears of joy if it is very happy.
XX may do nothing if it is lazy.
XX may nod their heads if it means Yes.
XX may cover up their car windshield if it knows it will freese at night.
XX may wash the bathtub if it sees bathtub is dirty.
XX may scream if it injures.
XX may dress up if it is trying to impress someone.
XX may be shocked if it sees reall disturbing images.
XX may become fat if it eats too much.
XX may shout if it is loud.
XX may use printers if it wants to get a hard- copy of a digital document.
XX may use a notepad if it needs to write something down.
XX may smile if it is entertained.
XX may laugh if it tells a joke.
XX may yawn if it is exhausted.
XX may munch on snacks if it is feeling peckish.
XX may sing if it is sad.
XX may dine if it is celebrating.
XX may wave if it greets someone from a distance.
XX may serve customers if it has customers arriving.
XX may become depressed if it is sad.
XX may buy items if it thinks they need it.
XX may shrug if it doesn't know.
XX may become restless if it is bored.
XX may fight if it becomes angry.
XX may melt cheese if it makes nachos.
XX may fight if it is provoked.
XX may munch if it is hungry.
XX may exercise if it wants to get into shape.
XX may eat if it is at a party.
XX may learn if it listens.
XX may hit others if it is abusive.
XX may light a cigerette if it wants to smoke.
XX may inquire if it is confused.
XX may close windows if it wants to be warmer.
XX may drink alcohol if it is celebrating.
XX may comb their hair if it becomes out of the shower.
XX may have to learn to be courteous if it is young.
XX may pat the dog if it wants some attention.
XX may cry if it is slapped.
XX may slip if it runs.
XX may use soap if it washes their hands.
XX may surf the net if it has nothing else to do.
XX may scream if it is fusterated.
XX may sleep if it feels dizzy.
XX may eat vegetables if it is on a diet.
XX may be happy if it laughs.
XX may steal if it is poor.
XX may read if it likes books.
XX may be happy if it wins something.
XX mayn't smell the well if it has a cold.
XX may do their job if it is at work.
XX may make friends if it is lonely.
XX may go on a plane if it needs to get somewhere far away.
XX may run if it is running late.
XX may whistle if it is working.
XX may teach chidren to ride bike if it sees child does not know how to ride bike.
XX may hiccup if it has the hiccups.
XX may be happy if it is Rich.
XX may cook if it is hungery.
XX may relax if it comes home.
XX may slam doors if it is mad.
XX may use bleach in dish water if it wants to kill germs on dishes.
XX may stagger around if it is the drunk.
XX may laugh if it wants.
XX may travel if it wants to go somewhere.
XX may use a toaster if it wants to toast bread.
XX may walk if it needs to get somewhere.
XX may tan if it is exposed to the sun.
XX may look for an item if it has lost the item.
XX may become concussed if it is hit hard on the head.
XX may use false teeth if it does not have teeth.
XX may eat if it wakes up in the morning.
XX may swallow if it has food in their mouth.
XX may purchase products on-line if it does not want to drive to the store.
XX may use bank machines if it is in a rush.
XX may write if it feels inspired.
XX may read to their children if it wants them to grow up smarter.
XX may hate if it wants to hate.
XX may snore if it sleeps.
XX may drink tea if it wants a soothing warm drink.
XX may lie if it is deceptive.
XX may decorate if it wants their home to look nice.
XX may use a tissue if it sneezes.
XX may blow their noses if it is sick.
XX may dress if it goes out.
XX may talk less if it is in an elevator.
XX may stand if it is in line.
XX may jump if it startles.
XX may use lettuce if it wants to make a salad.
XX may fight if it is angry.
XX may sit in chair if it is tired.
XX may write email if it needs to contact someone on the internet.
XX may grimace if it has pain.
XX may become sick if it drinks too much.
XX may eat if it needs food.
XX may fight if it has differences.
XX may become the limp if it faints.
XX may ask for permission if it uses something.
XX may hug each other if it needs the comfort.
XX may use hand lotion if it thinks their hands are dry.
XX may cheat if it fills their taxes.
XX may turn up the speakers if it wants to hear the music.
XX may turn if it hears their name.
XX may open a book if it is reading.
XX may be ignorant if it is un educated.
XX may open the door if it hears the door bell.
XX may become tired if it is exhausted.
XX may sleep if it is really tired.
XX may take a bath if it is dirty.
XX may look through a filing cabinet if it needs to access a folder.
XX may mow a lawn if it needs to cut the grass.
XX may tend to cry if it is the upset.
XX may wash their hands if it is done using the bathroom.
XX may write poetry if it is feeling down.
XX may wear clothes if it goes the outdoors.
XX may hug if it parts.
XX may shut the door if it wants the privacy.
XX may stretch if it is stiff.
XX may clear their throat if it becomes something stuck.
XX may make calls if it needs to contact someone.
XX may use a courier if it needs to send a package immediately.
XX may become frustrated if it doesn't do domething right.
XX may lay down if it sleeps.
XX may drink if it is the upset.
XX may throw up if it is ill.
XX may eat pizza if it is hungry.
XX may research if it wants to know something.
XX may drink if it has a party.
XX may become entertained if it is bored.
XX may scream if it is so incredibly angry.
XX may yawn if it is tired or bored.
XX may spend money if it needs to purchase things.
XX may jump if it doesn't reach something.
XX may yell if it stubs their toe.
XX may see if it looks.
XX may read books if it is bored.
XX may take off their sweater if it is hot.
XX may ride in a car if it wants to travel.
XX may eat the dirt if it is crazy.
XX may answer the phone if it hears it ring.
XX may eat dinner if it is hungry.
XX may visit a dentist if it has a toothache.
XX may answer questions if it is at a meeting.
XX may shave if it has unwanted hair.
XX may become jittery if it drinks caffeine.
XX may itch if it has a scab.
XX may make formula for their baby if it has a baby that is crying.
XX may lie if it doesn't tell the truth.
XX may fall down if it loses their balance.
XX may smile if it gives a gift.
XX may hurry if it is in a rush.
XX may turn to their best friend if it needs comforting.
XX may be very small if it is born.
XX may eat breakfast if it wakes up in the morning.
XX may sort through files if it misplaces a file.
XX may burn if it is in the sun too long.
XX may iron clothes if it is wrinkled.
XX may wash thier cars if it thinks the car is dirty.
XX may search if it needs to find something.
XX may throw up if it rides in cars.
XX may stretch if it is stif.
XX may pet the dog if it is around.
XX may relax if it is finished with work.
XX may finish tasks if it is assigned them at work.
XX may tie their shoes if it puts them on.
XX may work if it thinks they have work to do.
XX may cry if it needs to.
XX may move if it is trying to do get something done.
XX may sing if it performs.
XX may use a drill if it wants to make a hole in a piece of wood.
XX may kiss if it greets a lover.
XX may write a letter if it wants to contact someone.
XX may fall if it trips over a chil d toy.
XX may hate if it sneezes.
XX may sleep if it needs to.
XX may use the tape if it has a box to seal.
XX may use a back brace if it has a back needing a brace.
XX may use the computer if it wants to find out info.
XX may open refridgerators if it is hungry.
XX may use keys if it has a to open a locked door.
XX may clean if it thinks the house is dirty.
XX may work out if it is energetic.
XX may teach their chidren to read if it wants their children to read.
XX may drive if it needs to go somewhere.
XX may laugh if it hears funny jokes.
XX may laugh if it is having a good time.
XX may become their hair cut if it wants a neat hair style.
XX may ask someone a question if it needs an answer.
XX may become sick if it eats unwashed food.
XX may teach if it is teachers.
XX may hurt if it is mad.
XX may wear contacts if it doesn't see the well.
XX may answer the telephone if it hears it ringing.
XX may wear layers if it is cold.
XX may clean the trash out of car if it sees it is having trash in it.
XX may use their laptop if it needs to write up a report.
XX may log off their computer if it leaves the office.
XX may sharpen pencils if it is dull.
XX may be destructive if it is angry.
XX may read if it goes to the library.
XX may poop if it needs to.
XX may shake hands if it greets others.
XX may work if it is hired.
XX may become irritated if it is tired.
XX may retire if it is older.
XX may relax if it is on a vacation.
XX may cover their eyes if it is frightened.
XX may shiver if it is turned on.
XX may need a pen and paper if it wants to write a letter.
XX may be horny if it has sex.
XX may joke if it is jovile.
XX may wash their car windows if it sees the windows are dirty.
XX may clean dishes if it is doing chores.
XX may wear pajamas if it works from home.
XX may yell if it is in distress.
XX may lie if it is under pressure.
XX may talk if it is interacting.
XX may go home if it finishes work for the day.
XX may frown if it perturbs.
XX may read if it has no power.
XX may find something to do if it is bored.
XX may lick their lips if it sees something tasty.
XX may read if it has a new book.
XX may spit if it talks.
XX may dig a hole if it is installing a pool.
XX may work if it needs to get things done.
XX may cry if it is emotional.
XX may try to choose the right size clothes if it buys clothes.
XX may use envelopes if it wants  to mail a letter.
XX may play if it is free.
XX may ride in cars if it needs to get places.
XX may take a bath if it needs to relax.
XX may use the internet if it wants to use a search engine.
XX may greet others if it says Hello.
XX may study if it has the exam.
XX may play games if it wants to be entertained.
XX may shift if it is uncomfortable.
XX may blink more often if it is tired.
XX may drink if it is stressewd.
XX may use a blender if it is making a milk shake.
XX may need towels if it finishes swimming.
XX may need the rest if it is sick.
XX may do things automatically if it has obsessive compulsive tendencies.
XX may walk if it is walkign.
XX may turn a light on if it is in the dark.
XX may clean if it sees something which is dirty.
XX may use the printer if it needs a copy of a document.
XX may take a plane if it is traveling for a meeting.
XX may wash dishes if it finishes the diner.
XX may vomit if it becomes sick.
XX may eat less if it wants to lose weight.
XX may go to bed early if it is not feeling well.
XX may talk if it is talking.
XX mayn't eat if it is on a diet.
XX may turn on the light if it needs more lighting.
XX may become on a surfboard if it wants to ride the ocean waves.
XX may wipe their noses if it is runny.
XX may stagger if it is the hit.
XX may go to the library if it wants to check out a book.
XX may have something cool to drink if it wants to quench their thirst.
XX may smile if it wants to be friendly.
XX may become wet if it is caught in the rain.
XX may buy things if it wants to feel loved sometimes.
XX may watch movies if it is bored.
XX may lose the weight if it is fat.
XX may have itchy skin if it has scabbies.
XX may be confused if it doesn't understand someone.
XX may surf if it browses.
XX may shout if it excites.
XX may play soccer if it is bored.
XX may arrange things if it becomes cluttered.
XX may go to bed if it needs the rest.
XX may like to dress nice if it goes to church.
XX may be quiet if it watches the television.
XX may laugh if it jokes.
XX may stop at a signal light if it sees the light is red.
XX may put on a snowsuit if it is going sking.
XX may be quiet if it is the thinking.
XX may read if it wants knowledge.
XX may kill people if it is crazy.
XX may fart if it eats beans.
XX may open the shades if it needs light.
XX may use a copy machine if it makes a copy.
XX may tune up the car if it sees the car is running rough.
XX may dress if it is naked.
XX may put their feet u[ if it wants  to relax.
XX may wake up if it awaking.
XX may brush their teeth with tooth paste if it wants to clean their teeth.
XX may relax if it has free time.
XX may meet their friends if it wants to be entertained.
XX may lie if it is in trouble.
XX may nod if it agrees.
XX may type if it works.
XX may fall if it is tripped.
XX may scream if it is in pain.
XX mayn't come in to work if it has to take care of their children.
XX may wear uniforms if it goes to war.
XX may stay home if it is sick.
XX may adjust Themselves if it feels awkward.
XX may read a magazine if it is taking a break.
XX may watch a movie if it is bored.
XX may sweat if it is hot.
XX may succeed if it tries.
XX may swim if it is in the water.
XX may become irritated if it is asked the same question repeatedly.
XX may play games if it wants to.
XX may cry if it is watching a sad movied.
XX may become arrested if it commits crimes.
XX may wash the car if it sees it is dirty.
XX may itch if it is itchy.
XX may become hurt if it touches a hot stove.
XX may work if it has kids.
XX may listen to some music if it wants to relax.
XX may clean their desk up if it makes a mess.
XX may drink some cold water if it is hot and thirsty.
XX may smile if it sees a loved one.
XX may become hot if it is too warm.
XX may drink excessively if it is depressed.
XX may START fires if it is arsonists.
XX may overeat if it is depressed.
XX may cut the hair if it is barbers.
XX may like to shop on line if it does not have time to go to store.
XX may become the upset if it is hurt.
XX may shake if it is nervous.
XX may dream if it is sad.
XX may become lonely if it is alone.
XX may turn on the computer if it needs to work.
XX may look up an address if it needs to send a letter.
XX may wait if it is early.
XX may see a doctor if it is sick.
XX may open their mouth if it eats their food.
XX may put paper into a printer if it notices that it is almost empty.
XX may go to the washroom if it is dirty.
XX may eat a banana if it wants some energy.
XX may make faces if it cries.
XX may call the doctor if it feels sick.
XX may go to the hospital if it is in need of medical attention.
XX may entertain Themselves if it is not working.
XX may sing along if it goes to karaoke.
XX may use a test if it wants to know how much they have learned.
XX may cough if it is sick.
XX may smile if it greets each other.
XX may stand if it sings.
XX may lie if it is guilty.
XX may clean their teeth if it has finished eating.
XX may blow their nose if it has nasal congestion.
XX may listen to their mp3 players if it wants to pass the time.
XX may play games if it is with friends.
XX may squirm if it is uncomfortable.
XX may turn off the tv if it is not watching it.
XX may vomit if it is bulimic.
XX may drink water if it is parched.
XX may turn on the tv if it wants to see a program.
XX may read the newspaper if it wants the news.
XX may do not like sharks if it is in the water.
XX may be hurt if it is ignored.
XX may run away if it is attacked.
XX may run if it is in track.
XX may throw up if it is frightened.
XX may smile if it wins a game.
XX may hug if it greets eachother.
XX may want the heat if it is cold.
XX may blink if it sees bright light.
XX may wonder if it reads.
XX may sneeze if it is near items they are allergic to.
XX may tremble if it is on a caffine high.
XX may hire others to clean if it has the money and don't want to clean the house themselves.
XX may chop wood if it uses wood for heat.
XX may laugh if it is told a good joke.
XX may worry if it is sick.
XX may serve dinner if it is hungry.
XX may steal if it is crooks.
XX may use the fax machine if it needs to send a copy of a document.
XX may run for their lives if it is being chased by a criminal.
XX may call if it wants something.
XX may marry if it is in love.
XX may use a dishwashing machine if it has dirty dishes.
XX may be good if it believes in themselves.
XX may listen to music if it wants to calm down.
XX may need a doctor if it is very ill.
XX may blink more if it has dry eyes.
XX may buy new clothes if it is out of style.
XX may laugh if it is embarassed.
XX may pace if it is worried.
XX may go out if it is bored.
XX may sneeze if it obtains a cold.
XX may blow out candles if it is lit on a birthday cake.
XX may speak if it wants to address a problem.
XX may brush their teeth if it is finished eating.
XX may eat if it is served.
XX may walk the dog if it wants to get some fresh air.
XX may make food if it is asked to.
XX may surf the internet if it is trying to kill time.
XX may gossip if it is together.
XX may paint a wall if it wants a change in the house.
XX may go to the garage if it needs to get to the car.
XX may drink water if it is working.
XX may giggle if it is happy.
XX may congregate if it is united in a cause.
XX may cry if it is not happy.
XX may have a bath if it is dirty.
XX may bathe if it feels they are dirty.
XX may make coffee if it wakes up.
XX may turn on their computer if it needs to use it.
XX may wash if it is dirty.
XX may turn on the heater if it feels cold.
XX may exercise if it tries to keep in shape.
XX may apply the sunscreen if it goes out in the sun.
XX may become wet if it is splashed.
XX may use lip balm if it has chapped lips.
XX may sleep on bed if it rests.
XX may scream if it is hurt.
XX may eat at work if it has a lunch hour.
XX may sneeze if it has an itchy nose.
XX may read blogs if it wants to learn more about a person.
XX may use a towel if it is wey.
XX may think if it is puzzled.
XX may worry if it is stressed out.
XX may use the phone if it needs to call a friend.
XX may take measurements if it wants something to fit properly.
XX may become stressed if it is in finals.
XX may ignore other people if it is annoyed.
XX may break a leg if it falls down badly.
XX may smile if it knows an answer.
XX may use the math if it needs to add or subtract.
XX may turn off lights if it leaves a room to save money.
XX may sit down if it wants to use the computer.
XX may close the window if it is cold.
XX may eat if it is bored.
XX may vomit if it drinks a large amount of warm salt water.
XX may watch the television if it wants the entertainment.
XX may swallow if it is done chewing.
XX may lock the doors if it becomes inside their homes.
XX may fall if it sprains their ankles.
XX may write if it exchanges information.
XX may scream if it cries.
XX may pace if it is waiting.
XX may think if it lives.
XX may obtain a stiff neck if it works at the computer for a long period f time.
XX may be afraid or ghosts if it sees ghosts.
XX may die if it drowns.
XX may watch the TV if it is chilling.
XX may drink water if it is dehydrated.
XX may read to the children if it wants to teach them to read.
XX may groan if it is tired.
XX may protest if it is angered.
XX may write notes if it needs to remember.
XX may grimace if it is in pain.
XX may run if it is chased.
XX may use a broom if it wants to remove cobwebs.
XX may read if it is resting.
XX may make the supper if it is hungry.
XX may sweep the floor if it steps on crumbs.
XX may climb stairs if it wants to go upstairs.
XX may learn if it goes to school.
XX may go outside if it needs fresh air.
XX may lie if it doesn't want to tell the truth.
XX may check the mailbox if it is waiting for a letter.
XX may make fun if it has money.
XX may walk if it wants to walk.
XX may dance if it wants to.
XX may move if it is uncomfortable.
XX may perspire if it is hot.
XX may use the fax machine if it wants to forward some documents.
XX may go to church if it wants to pray.
XX may work if it is at their desk.
XX may sigh if it is the content.
XX may talk together if it has visitors.
XX may use the computer if it wants to use the internet.
XX may eat if it starves.
XX may sit if it is sleepy.
XX may go to the grocery store if it needs food.
XX may stretch the truth if it lies.
XX may dilate their eye balls if it is scared.
XX may buy the candy if it has a sweet tooth.
XX may scream if it is at a ballgame.
XX may be not always given the opportunity if it is young to learn to take risks.
XX may organize their desk if it finds it messy.
XX may speak if it has something to say.
XX may use the bathroom if it has to pee.
XX may close the blinds if it finds the room too bright.
XX may take the aspirin if it has a headache.
XX may fix their car if it has a car that is not working.
XX may drink liquids if it is thirsty.
XX may sneeze if it becomes dust in their nose.
XX may eat sweets if it is finished dinner.
XX may wash the car if it has time.
XX may answer if it is questioned.
XX may be mad if it is annoyed.
XX may ask what time it is if it does not know what time it is.
XX may cry if it is extremely happy.
XX may cut coupons if it wants to save money.
XX may want if it reads.
XX may look at a monitor if it is watching a presentation.
XX may wonder if it is the drunk.
XX may take a pill if it is in pain.
XX may wave the hand if it is the greeting.
XX may talk if it knows you.
XX may ail if it is sick.
XX may smile if it is being friendly.
XX may fall asleep if it is bored.
XX may shampoo their hair if it wants to keep clean.
XX may shake their head if it means no.
XX may like christmas tree lights on a christmas tree if it knows it is christmas season.
XX may be hurt if it is insulted.
XX may eat the dessert if it is finished dinner.
XX may drink alcohol if it wants to have fun.
XX may check watches if it tells time.
XX may go to the washroom if it needs to go to the washroom.
XX may need hugs if it is sad.
XX may seal an envelope if it goes to mail a letter.
XX may laugh if it amuses.
XX may swear if it is hurt.
XX may grab a pencil if it needs to write something.
XX may run if it plays softball.
XX may write on a note pad if it takes notes.
XX may eat snacks if it has nothing to do.
XX may smoke if it wants to get high.
XX may have parties if it wants to celebrate.
XX may drink the eggnog if it sees it is christmas.
XX may act up if it is rebelling.
XX may like to travel if it needs to get away.
XX may whine if it is angry.
XX may listen to music if it is bord.
XX may smile if it feels elated.
XX may take a walk if it feels like it.
XX may apply for visa if it wants to immigrate.
XX may accuse if it blames.
XX may joke if it wants to laugh.
XX may drink if it has a sore throat.
XX may run if it is stealing.
XX may become up if it stands.
XX may make coffee if it needs caffeine.
XX may honk car horn if it has car stopped in front of them.
XX may become their haircut if it thinks it looks unruly.
XX may make loud noises if it is mad.
XX may email if it needs to communicate.
XX may giggle if it is tickled.
XX may use staples if it has a stapler.
XX may call others if it is lonely.
XX may go to the dentist if it has cavities in teeth.
XX may use a phone if it wants to talk to someone.
XX may lie down if it wants to relax.
XX may scream if it is shocked.
XX may run if it wants to lose weight.
XX may research things if it is curious.
XX may smile if it is amused.
XX may turn on the radio if it wants to hear the news.
XX may indicate they are sad if it cries.
XX may babble if it is excited.
XX may light a cigar if it has something to celebrate.
XX may drink the coke if it wants a treat.
XX may rest if it is tired.
XX may use the mouthwash if it notices their breath smells.
XX may be happy if it is in love.
XX may cry if it is cranky.
XX may ski on snow if it has snow to ski on.
XX may swear if it is enraged.
XX may try to cool off if it is too hot.
XX may drink water if it is thirsty.
XX may jump for joy if it sees a surprise.
XX may sneeze if it is around dust.
XX may laugh if it is embarrassed.
XX may fly if it has access to an aircraft.
XX may drink if it is worried.
XX may rub their itchy eyes if it has allergies.
XX may lie down if it sleeps.
XX may smile if it makes money.
XX may shave if it doesn't want a beard.
XX may put on a jacket if it is cold.
XX may carry items if it buys Them.
XX may kiss if it is horny.
XX may turn up the heat if it is cold.
XX may wash dishes if it has finished eating.
XX may put wheels on shoes if it wants skates.
XX may become their hair cut if it is feeling too warm.
XX may run away if it sees heavy fire.
XX may buy new furniture if it needs new furniture.
XX may yell if it argues.
XX may smile if it is in a good mood.
XX may drive if it wants to get to a destination.
XX may kiss each other if it loves them.
XX may order chinese delivery if it is hungry.
XX may shower if it stinks.
XX may drive a honda car if it wants good gas milage.
XX may go to the supermarket if it is in need of groceries.
XX may dress up if it is going out.
XX may smile if it has pleasant thoughts.
XX may use an umbrella if it goes out in the rain.
XX may be hurt if it is deceived.
XX may wear gloves if it has cold hands.
XX may visit friends if it is lonely.
XX may be annoyed if it is bothered.
XX may drive if it has somewhere to go.
XX may fight if it is mad at each other.
XX may chat if it becomes home from work.
XX may stumble if it is tripped up.
XX may yell if it is frustrated.
XX may shampoo the carpet if it sees the carpet is dirty.
XX may sleep if it needs the rest.
XX may walk fast if it is late.
XX may be impatient if it is forced to work with less competent people.
XX may cuss if it is rude.
XX may look puzzled if it is confused.
XX may use a fork if it eats.
XX may pee if it goes to the toilet.
XX may become mad if it is frustrated.
XX may use a cane if it has a limp.
XX may hug if it wants to show affection.
XX may listen to their mp3 player if it wants to listen to some music.
XX may use a credit card if it does not have cash.
XX may go to dinner if it is hungry.
XX may read if it opens a book.
XX may talk to each other if it has something to say.
XX may work if it is awake.
XX may take medications if it is sick.
XX may sleep if it is fatigued.
XX may want you to laugh if it tells a joke.
XX may laugh if it laughs.
XX may want a child to be healthy if it sees their child is sick.
XX may cook food if it is hungry for some fresh cooked food.
XX may use a treadmill if it wants to exercise.
XX may make vulgar comments if it is mad.
XX may sweat if it is active.
XX may undress if it becomes ready for bed.
XX may cry if it is devastated.
XX may read if it is waiting.
XX may hold grudges if it doesn't know how to deal with anger.
XX may read if it is bored.
XX may lose their balance if it falls.
XX may wear a seatbelt if it is in a car.
XX may scream if it is frightened.
XX may die if it grows old.
XX may exercise if it needs to lose weight.
XX may sit if it eats.
XX may wash the dishes if it is finished with dinner.
XX may hate if it chokes.
XX may wash up if it is going to eat.
XX may argue if it disagrees about an issue.
XX may sit if it is in a meeting.
XX may take a vacation if it is stressed.
XX may hide if it is being chased.
XX may go the grocery store if it purchases food.
XX may use a hair dryer if it wants dry hair.
XX may turn on the fan if it feels hot.