XX can't become mail if mail was not yet delivered.
XX can't act as a security guard at office if a robber.
XX can't close the curtains if curtains get caught.
XX can't turn off the computer if finding the power switch.
XX can't replace a water tap filter if there are no filters left.
XX can't chop vegetables if the vegetables are rotten.
XX can't throw an object if the object is too heavy.
XX can't take a photograph if no lights.
XX can't put object away if not knowing where it belongs.
XX can't turn on lights if the lightbulbs are broken.
XX can't wrap a gift if that you run out of wrapping paper.
XX can't iron clothes if the iron is not working.
XX can't turn music system off if the remote is lost.
XX can't give a message to someone at home if the person not being at home.
XX can't mail a letter if the letter will not fit the mailbox.
XX can't find an object if someone took away the object.
XX can't paint a wall if running out of paint.
XX can't tell a story if forgot story.
XX can't make a flight reservation if the person being hard to understand.
XX can't do the laundry if no soap.
XX can't access the internet if the isp being unavailable.
XX can't make a tossed salad if lettuce is brown.
XX can't clean up toys if some of them are missing.
XX can't greet a visitor if not speaching the language.
XX can't mow the lawn if the blade hit a rock.
XX can't sweep the floor if your brook breaks.
XX can't assist someone in walking if a leg hurting.
XX can't water indoor plants if could not reach plants.
XX can't feed a pet dog if no dog.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if too much.
XX can't put object away if no where to put it.
XX can't print the document if paper jam.
XX can't give a message to someone at home if no one answers the phone.
XX can't heat food on kitchen gas if there is no gas left.
XX can't follow someone around if if you are seen.
XX can't replace a refrigerator filter if locating a new filter.
XX can't serve a drink if there is no ice.
XX can't put up a painting if the size.
XX can't give a medicine if you tend to gag.
XX can't send party invitations if not enough stamps.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if no new batteries are available.
XX can't replace a water tap filter if no new filter.
XX can't turn music system on if turn on the music system.
XX can't sweep the floor if no brrom.
XX can't raise the blinds if the rope breaks.
XX can't guard the house if a burglar.
XX can't find an object if poor lighting.
XX can't make the hot dog if out of buns.
XX can't feed a pet cat if you can't find the cat.
XX can't mow the lawn if a broken lawnmower.
XX can't turn music system off if already off.
XX can't change bed sheets if that you don't have clean bed sheets.
XX can't change bed sheets if theyre on too tight.
XX can't move the furniture if a sore back.
XX can't become food from refrigerator if there is no space.
XX can't gather all scattered toys if they have a sore back.
XX can't greet a visitor if that the visitor is an enemy.
XX can't secure the perimeter of the house if no guard dog.
XX can't secure all exits if the doors won't lock.
XX can't turn the heat off if shut off the heat.
XX can't dry clothes if already dry.
XX can't assist person in standing up if the person being too week to stand.
XX can't push something if the floor is slippery.
XX can't serve a meal if that is it cold.
XX can't lock windows if the windows are smashed.
XX can't boil the milk if the spillage.
XX can't gather all scattered toys if too many toys.
XX can't ask about someone's day if if they don't want to talk to you.
XX can't water indoor plants if a lack of water.
XX can't feed the fish if the fish won't come up to eat.
XX can't throw an object if the object being too heavy.
XX can't push something if thing too heavy.
XX can't serve a drink if no drinks left.
XX can't clean the shower if you run out of cleaning solution.
XX can't keep the dog away if the dog is vicious.
XX can't fetch a stapler if the stapler being empty.
XX can't guard the house if no house.
XX can't make a presentation if blackout disrupts electrical feed to building.
XX can't hang clothes if there isn't enough clothes pins.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if the wheels are in a locked position.
XX can't turn off lights if the switch getting stuck.
XX can't mail a letter if a locked mailbox.
XX can't erase the whiteboard if you can't locate the eraser.
XX can't take a photograph if you are out of film.
XX can't make a tossed salad if greens are turned rotten.
XX can't turn the air conditioner on if the air conditioner not working.
XX can't open the garage if that the door is jammed.
XX can't answer the doorbell if no one is at the door.
XX can't find out more information if lack of sources.
XX can't make breakfast if no stove.
XX can't handle toxic materials if the spillage.
XX can't turn off lights if the switch getting stuck.
XX can't change bed sheets if there are no clean bedsheets.
XX can't cook pasta if you dont know how long to cook it.
XX can't answer the phone if phone not working.
XX can't feed a pet cat if the cat food has been used up.
XX can't water indoor plants if the plant is dead.
XX can't cook pasta if noodles overcook.
XX can't change a baby diaper if there are no diapers left.
XX can't set a wake up alarm if wrong setting.
XX can't dance with the children if children might not like it.
XX can't apply the band aid if no ointment.
XX can't lock up the house if no key.
XX can't replace a refrigerator filter if no replacements available.
XX can't close the curtains if they do not close.
XX can't read a story to a child if the child is cranky and won't listen.
XX can't watch for the kids to come home if doing this at the correct time.
XX can't retrieve a tool if tool that is too heavy.
XX can't cook pasta if no water.
XX can't replace heater filter if heater too hot to handle.
XX can't become mail if no mail box.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if that the bag spills.
XX can't make baby sleep if too much noise around the baby.
XX can't fetch a cold drink if there are no cold drinks left.
XX can't handle toxic materials if they spill.
XX can't clean up toys if getting into the small areas.
XX can't make a presentation if the procrastination.
XX can't boil the milk if out of milk.
XX can't dry clothes if the clothes are too wet.
XX can't follow someone around if he tells you to leave them alone.
XX can't make a tossed salad if the lettuce is rotten.
XX can't walk the dog if the dog runs off after a cat.
XX can't follow someone around if they don't want to be followed.
XX can't change bed sheets if the new sheets have not been ironed.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if the wheel chair being in a locked position.
XX can't answer the phone if that the phone's too far away.
XX can't gather all scattered toys if toys are out of reach.
XX can't send party invitations if the addresses have been misplaced.
XX can't turn music system on if the stereo is not plugged in.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if the batteries are the wrong size.
XX can't heat food on kitchen gas if no food.
XX can't play a movie if it is not rewound.
XX can't fill water in container if the container is not large enough to hold the water.
XX can't feed the infant if not hungry.
XX can't make breakfast if you dont have any eggs.
XX can't send party invitations if lack of postage stamps.
XX can't make sure children are fed if no kids.
XX can't feed a pet dog if the dog bites you.
XX can't clean the dishes if the food is dried on.
XX can't clean the shower if the bottle of bleach is almost empty.
XX can't fetch a book if not knowing where the book is.
XX can't feed a pet cat if no food.
XX can't play the piano if cannot play it.
XX can't photocopy a paper if youre out of paper.
XX can't open the garage if the door is blocked.
XX can't make fresh orange juice if the oranges are rotten.
XX can't recycle the paper if the recycle bin is full.
XX can't throw an object if the object is too heavy.
XX can't pack a suitcase if the suitcase not locking.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if the door is jammed.
XX can't secure all windows if raptors.
XX can't play a song if a corrupted mp3 file.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if not having new batteries.
XX can't keep the dog away if the fear.
XX can't dust an object if dust going up your nose.
XX can't turn on lights if the power is out.
XX can't pick up dishes if slippery hands.
XX can't turn the air conditioner on if the house is cold.
XX can't clean the shower if shower is dirty.
XX can't assist person in standing up if the person is too heavy.
XX can't mow the lawn if that the lawn mower doesn't have any gas.
XX can't serve a meal if sides are not ready.
XX can't place ladder near wall if the ladder is too heavy.
XX can't clean the shower if the shower is already cleaned.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if a large bump in the sidewalk.
XX can't clean up if empty cleaning solution bottle.
XX can't open the garage if the garage door is not opening.
XX can't turn on the computer if no power.
XX can't make a dinner reservation if no time.
XX can't set the dining table if the lights are off.
XX can't change a bulb if no bulbs.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if the bag rips.
XX can't pour beer into a glass if if the beer overflows.
XX can't load the dishwasher if a broken glass.
XX can't send party invitations if no stamps.
XX can't open the package if package is taped shut.
XX can't clean up if the mop is not there.
XX can't pack a mailing box if mail box is full.
XX can't place ladder near wall if that there is something in the way.
XX can't make sure children are fed if you have no food.
XX can't check for intruders in the house if you cannot access a room where intruders might be.
XX can't empty the trash if that the trash bags have holes in them.
XX can't keep the dog away if a stray cat running in the front yard.
XX can't turn tv off if the remote control doesn't work.
XX can't gather all scattered toys if there is no where to put them.
XX can't take care of plants if overly dry soil.
XX can't push something if too much friction.
XX can't change a baby diaper if no new diaper.
XX can't take a photograph if room is too dark.
XX can't dance with the children if they are too hyper.
XX can't cook pasta if cooking the pasta for too long.
XX can't change a bulb if bulb is missing.
XX can't turn off lights if the switch getting stuck.
XX can't answer the phone if the line went dead.
XX can't clean the shower if the shower is dirty.
XX can't recycle the paper if the recycle bin is full.
XX can't wrap a gift if no tape.
XX can't make soup if the soup is too hot.
XX can't fetch a cold drink if there is nothing cold to drink.
XX can't turn tv off if no remove.
XX can't fold clothes if folded.
XX can't answer the doorbell if the door is locked.
XX can't lock up the house if the lock is broken.
XX can't turn the heat on if it is too hot.
XX can't give a message to someone at home if the person isn't home.
XX can't open a web page if not having the right browser plugins.
XX can't check for intruders in the house if its dark.
XX can't replace a refrigerator filter if difficult to find it.
XX can't make fresh orange juice if no oranges.
XX can't secure all exits if people coming in.
XX can't check for weather if its dark out.
XX can't take care of plants if the plants being dead.
XX can't send a fax if wrong number.
XX can't put away groceries if no fridge.
XX can't cook the noodle if no hot water.
XX can't pour beer into a glass if the beer spilling.
XX can't open a web page if bad url.
XX can't take a photograph if that the camera's batteries are dead.
XX can't walk the dog if you drop the leash and he runs away.
XX can't watch for the kids to come home if youre too late.
XX can't check if a store is open if no lights.
XX can't put object away if no object.
XX can't make breakfast if that there's no power.
XX can't take out the garbage if bag rips.
XX can't find an object if that the object is totally hidden.
XX can't put object away if there isn't room.
XX can't entertain children if they start crying.
XX can't wrap a gift if running out of wrapping paper.
XX can't clean the table if people not finish eat.
XX can't mail a letter if insufficient postage.
XX can't lock windows if the windows can't be locked.
XX can't secure all exits if no exits.
XX can't change a bulb if no bulbs.
XX can't clean a spill if the spill being sticky.
XX can't set the dining table if not enough space.
XX can't turn tv on if having a dead remote.
XX can't turn on lights if there is a blackout.
XX can't greet a visitor if visitor that is sick.
XX can't secure all windows if stuck window.
XX can't make a presentation if forgetting your notes.
XX can't water indoor plants if not enough sun light.
XX can't put milk in the refrigerator if the fridge is broken.
XX can't change a bulb if if the bulb is the wrong type.
XX can't play a movie if no electricty.
XX can't clean a spill if there is nothing available to clean the floor.
XX can't wrap a gift if an odd shaped gift.
XX can't act as a security guard at office if no keys to building.
XX can't make a shopping list if you can't find a pen.
XX can't boil the milk if milk curdles.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if some dishes are still covered in detergent.
XX can't plug battery into charger if the battery is not fitting in.
XX can't make a bed if bed mis alignment.
XX can't throw an object if tree is in the way.
XX can't water indoor plants if soil too wet.
XX can't mow the lawn if no lawn mover.
XX can't make a flight reservation if a wrong flight.
XX can't make baby sleep if theyre already asleep.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if if there are no bag.
XX can't turn on lights if there is a power outage.
XX can't call 911 if the telephone is not working.
XX can't clean up toys if that there's no where to put the toys.
XX can't turn on the computer if no power.
XX can't pay bills if not having enough money.
XX can't play the piano if the piano is off key.
XX can't turn on lights if light bulb blows.
XX can't make a presentation if the projector isn't working.
XX can't pack a suitcase if suitcase very heavy.
XX can't open the mail if no letter opener.
XX can't set the dining table if the table is cluttered.
XX can't load the dishwasher if the dishwasher is already full.
XX can't close the curtains if the window is open.
XX can't hang clothes if you run out of hangers.
XX can't open the package if a utility knife is required.
XX can't turn tv on if the converters battery is dead.
XX can't apply the band aid if that the bandaid does not stick.
XX can't heat food in microwave if overheating.
XX can't read a story to a child if child not listening.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if the wrong size batteries are available.
XX can't fetch an object if in door being locked.
XX can't mow the lawn if your neighbour hasn't returned the mower yet.
XX can't clean the table if that the table's already cleaned.
XX can't make a presentation if the notes are disorganized.
XX can't obtain the newspaper if no money.
XX can't put object away if not knowing where it belongs.
XX can't ask about someone's day if there is bad reception on the cell phone.
XX can't feed a pet dog if you have no food.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if that you are out of new bags.
XX can't make a bed if cannot find pillows.
XX can't make a dinner reservation if the restaurant is full.
XX can't fetch a ladder if that you don't know where the ladder is.
XX can't make a tossed salad if the lettuce is rotten.
XX can't serve a drink if no drinks left.
XX can't boil the milk if the milk boils over the edge of the pan.
XX can't turn tv on if the tv is not plugged in.
XX can't greet a visitor if the visitor is gone.
XX can't answer the doorbell if that the person is no longer there.
XX can't open a web page if no internet.
XX can't follow someone around if lose sight of the person you are following.
XX can't mow the lawn if that the hose is lying in the middle of the lawn.
XX can't feed a pet cat if being out of food.
XX can't make breakfast if burning the pancakes.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if a plate is still dirty.
XX can't feed a child if the child is not hungry.
XX can't make toasted bread if the toast is not dark enough.
XX can't give a message to someone at home if theyre asleep.
XX can't replace a water tap filter if you run out of filters.
XX can't make the omelette if no eggs.
XX can't put away groceries if the fridge is full.
XX can't turn tv on if that the tv is not plugged in.
XX can't open the mail if if you get a paper cut.
XX can't greet a visitor if you can't shake their hand.
XX can't calm an infant if the infant is restless.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if if the break is stuck on.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if the person is not willing to sit in wheelchair.
XX can't hang clothes if no more hangers.
XX can't open the mail if that the envelope is glued shut.
XX can't fold clothes if folding them correctly.
XX can't assist someone in walking if person is leaning too heavily on you.
XX can't turn the air conditioner off if that the air conditioner is already off.
XX can't clean a spill if no paper towls.
XX can't recharge batteries if batteries are leaking.
XX can't do the laundry if a shortage of detergent.
XX can't mail a letter if no stamp.
XX can't assist someone in walking if they don't know where they are walking to.
XX can't turn off the computer if freezing on shutdown.
XX can't close the curtains if a malfunctionning curtain.
XX can't pack a suitcase if there is too much to pack.
XX can't help someone carry something if that the item falls.
XX can't turn on the computer if no power supply.
XX can't play a song if a broken instrument.
XX can't photocopy a paper if low toner.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if no batteries in the house.
XX can't help someone carry something if the object is heavy.
XX can't check if a store is open if youre not sure of their phone nmber.
XX can't fold clothes if not having a flat surface.
XX can't recharge batteries if batteries can't be recharged.
XX can't wash clothes if no detergent.
XX can't place ladder near wall if the ladder doesn't reach.
XX can't find an object if the object is heavy.
XX can't change a bulb if broken glass.
XX can't clean a spill if if the sponge is dry.
XX can't sharpen a pencil if a broken lead tip.
XX can't send a fax if no number.
XX can't turn tv on if the electricity being out.
XX can't iron clothes if the iron is not working.
XX can't pour beer into a glass if the beer overflowing.
XX can't set a wake up alarm if the alarm is broken.
XX can't make breakfast if having no milk for the cereal.
XX can't fetch a cold drink if drink is slippery.
XX can't recycle the paper if the paper is not recyclable.
XX can't make toasted bread if no bread.
XX can't wash the cut if the infection.
XX can't cook pasta if overcooking noodles.
XX can't entertain children if the children are bad.
XX can't check for intruders in the house if the house is too dark.
XX can't send party invitations if they have no stamps left.
XX can't send a fax if other number not responding.
XX can't erase the whiteboard if a high whiteboard.
XX can't teach a song to a child if the child is not interested.
XX can't do the laundry if there are no dirty clothes.
XX can't move the furniture if the furniture is heavy.
XX can't plug battery into charger if the battery does not fit.
XX can't lock up the house if you cannot find the keys.
XX can't move the furniture if a bad back.
XX can't take out the garbage if the garbage is stinking.
XX can't take out the garbage if if the barrel is full.
XX can't turn tv on if the power failure.
XX can't turn music system on if no electricity.
XX can't replace a water tap filter if no tap water.
XX can't play a movie if no dvd.
XX can't paint a wall if what colo4.
XX can't feed a child if out of food.
XX can't make coffee if being out of coffee filters.
XX can't turn the air conditioner off if air off.
XX can't feed the fish if there is not enough fish food in the container.
XX can't empty the trash if the garbage bag is too full.
XX can't make baby sleep if the baby doesn't want to sleep.
XX can't turn on lights if the bulbs are burned.
XX can't lock windows if the lock is broken.
XX can't make a flight reservation if the cost is more expensive than one had anticipated.
XX can't put object away if no storage space.
XX can't turn on lights if the bulb is burnt out.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if no new batteries are available.
XX can't send party invitations if not having friends to invite.
XX can't walk the dog if you have no leash.
XX can't teach a song to a child if the child is not interested.
XX can't pay bills if no money.
XX can't access the internet if disconnection.
XX can't fetch a book if you cant find it.
XX can't keep the dog away if dealing with a vicious dog.
XX can't change bed sheets if no clean ones.
XX can't become food from refrigerator if there is no more food in the refrigerator.
XX can't retrieve a tool if the tool might be lost.
XX can't play a game on the computer if the computer crashes.
XX can't raise the blinds if cord broke.
XX can't turn tv on if no remove.
XX can't load the dishwasher if that it is already full of dirty dishes.
XX can't secure the perimeter of the house if a broken gate.
XX can't sharpen a pencil if the pencil tip breaks off.
XX can't turn off the computer if computer hanging on the shutdown screen.
XX can't send a fax if no fax.
XX can't open the garage if the power outage.
XX can't print the document if no paper to print on.
XX can't secure all windows if the window locks are stuck.
XX can't find an object if the clutter.
XX can't put away groceries if the groceries were forgot at the store.
XX can't plug battery into charger if that the battery is the wrong size for the charger.
XX can't make a tossed salad if there are not enough vegetables.
XX can't iron clothes if no water in the steam iron.
XX can't clean the table if a tablecloth stapled to the table.
XX can't handle toxic materials if theyre deadly.
XX can't feed a pet dog if that the dog is sick.
XX can't become food from refrigerator if the fridge is very full and you can't find your food easily.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if the bag is too full.
XX can't dry clothes if colors and whites being mixed.
XX can't fetch a book if not knowing where the book is.
XX can't make baby sleep if the neighbours are loud.
XX can't feed the fish if that there is no more fish food in the container.
XX can't make a flight reservation if the travel agent's phone is busy.
XX can't fetch medicine if yucky meds.
XX can't clean the dishes if no soap.
XX can't fold clothes if no table on which to fold.
XX can't turn on the computer if no power.
XX can't fill water in container if it overflows.
XX can't kick a ball if an injured foot.
XX can't make a tossed salad if the salad is soggy.
XX can't turn tv on if the tv is not plugged in.
XX can't pay bills if you run out of checks.
XX can't fetch a cold drink if the refrigerator isn't cooling.
XX can't sing a song if offkey.
XX can't pay bills if run out of checks.
XX can't send party invitations if you didnt buy enough invitations.
XX can't make the hot dog if there is no hot dog to make.
XX can't wrap a gift if the gift is an awkward shape.
XX can't answer the doorbell if can't get to doorbell in time.
XX can't charge a cell phone if no phon.
XX can't make soup if the soup becoming too thick.
XX can't replace a refrigerator filter if not having another filter.
XX can't take out the garbage if the grabge is stinking.
XX can't watch for the kids to come home if the kids missing the bus.
XX can't greet a visitor if that the visitor is an enemy.
XX can't answer the doorbell if the ringer runs away.
XX can't clean the dishes if food is stuck on.
XX can't turn tv on if getting to the television.
XX can't follow someone around if losing the person.
XX can't call 911 if the switchboard is overloaded.
XX can't serve a meal if the plate is dirty.
XX can't make the hot dog if no hot dog buns.
XX can't turn the air conditioner on if a broken air conditioner.
XX can't pack a suitcase if trying to make everything fit.
XX can't recharge batteries if batteries no good anymore.
XX can't find out more information if not getting a response.
XX can't become mail if there are fees due.
XX can't cook the noodle if that there isn't any water.
XX can't replace a refrigerator filter if tight spaces.
XX can't close the blinds if stuck blinds.
XX can't serve a meal if not knowing how to serve it.
XX can't open the mail if the enveloppe not opening.
XX can't apply the band aid if u can t.
XX can't clean the table if no towel to clean table.
XX can't kick a ball if the ball is too far away.
XX can't heat food on kitchen gas if there isn't enough heat.
XX can't turn tv off if remote missing.
XX can't feed the fish if the fish are dead.
XX can't replace heater filter if heater is on.
XX can't feed the fish if not having fish food.
XX can't fetch an object if you can't grab hold.
XX can't make fresh orange juice if unfresh oranges.
XX can't change a baby diaper if where is no more diapers.
XX can't wash the cut if dirt deep in cut.
XX can't feed a pet dog if not knowing where the food dish is.
XX can't turn off the computer if some programs are still running.
XX can't serve a meal if the plate broke.
XX can't serve a drink if the required drink is not there.
XX can't pack a suitcase if its too full.
XX can't throw an object if the object being too heavy.
XX can't clean a spill if no cloth.
XX can't secure all exits if they do not seccure.
XX can't put up a painting if weak wall plaster.
XX can't raise the blinds if cord is tangled.
XX can't chop vegetables if the knife is too dull.
XX can't find out more information if can't find any.
XX can't turn off the computer if the computer screen has frozen.
XX can't check for intruders in the house if inside alreadt.
XX can't ask about someone's day if they are in a bad mood.
XX can't check if a store is open if that the store doesn't have a website.
XX can't secure all exits if its dark.
XX can't make a bed if the wrinkles are still there.
XX can't fetch medicine if bottle not on shelf.
XX can't clean the dishes if you dont have any dish soap.
XX can't check if a store is open if if the store is locked.
XX can't guard the house if the power goes off.
XX can't turn music system off if the off button being stuck.
XX can't turn off lights if off alrdy.
XX can't make tea if no teabags.
XX can't pack a suitcase if no space left for everything.
XX can't play the piano if the piano bench is too low.
XX can't feed a pet cat if cat is not hungry.
XX can't turn the heat on if its too hot.
XX can't feed a pet dog if no food.
XX can't iron clothes if no iron.
XX can't clean up if you have nop paper towellls.
XX can't turn music system on if too much static.
XX can't feed the infant if the infant falls asleep.
XX can't obtain the newspaper if someone took it.
XX can't clean the shower if unremovable soap scum.
XX can't clean a spill if if the rag is dry.
XX can't write a letter if little paper.
XX can't close the blinds if the blinds are tangled.
XX can't turn off lights if the switch getting stuck.
XX can't empty the kitchen sink if a clogged drain.
XX can't plug battery into charger if batterly small.
XX can't pick up dishes if they are not clean.
XX can't move the furniture if the furniture is old.
XX can't put object away if there's no place to put it away.
XX can't wrap a gift if wrinkled paper.
XX can't help someone carry something if the object is too heavy to carry.
XX can't change a bulb if a bulb stuck in a socket.
XX can't put up a painting if not having a hammer.
XX can't play a movie if the disc is scratched.
XX can't empty the kitchen sink if the sink is clooged.
XX can't check for intruders in the house if the intruders find you first.
XX can't cook the noodle if no noodles.
XX can't lock windows if the lock is broken.
XX can't turn music system off if the switch is stuck.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if that the bag spills.
XX can't feed a child if not having milk.
XX can't turn music system off if turn off music.
XX can't lock windows if no fresh air.
XX can't chop vegetables if the chopping board is in the dishwasher.
XX can't give a message to someone at home if you can't remember the message.
XX can't clean the table if there is no room.
XX can't feed a child if the child won't eat.
XX can't turn music system off if a stuck button.
XX can't make a presentation if they have stagefright.
XX can't hang clothes if raining outside.
XX can't erase the whiteboard if a permanent marker was used.
XX can't pack a suitcase if not having enough room.
XX can't retrieve a tool if the tool not being there.
XX can't make toasted bread if no toaster.
XX can't make a presentation if you lose it.
XX can't cook the fish if not removing all bones.
XX can't boil the milk if spill over of milk.
XX can't serve a drink if no ice.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if nowhere to put clean dishes.
XX can't mow the lawn if the mower is not working.
XX can't clean up if yure out of cleanser.
XX can't serve a drink if having no glasses.
XX can't set the dining table if no plates.
XX can't handle toxic materials if the spill.
XX can't teach a song to a child if the child id a slow learner.
XX can't clean up if a reacurrng mess.
XX can't fetch a stapler if lost stapler.
XX can't throw an object if the object is too heavy.
XX can't turn the heat on if knob is stuck on 'off'.
XX can't secure the perimeter of the house if that there are obstacles in the way.
XX can't make sure children are fed if sick children.
XX can't make the hot dog if no hot dogd buns.
XX can't become mail if you trip.
XX can't set a wake up alarm if the alarm is set for p m  instead of a m.
XX can't cook pasta if not enough for the whole family.
XX can't check for weather if check the temp.
XX can't fetch a book if the dog is eating it.
XX can't become mail if don't know where the post office is located.
XX can't give a medicine if the person refuses to take it.
XX can't follow someone around if if you get caught following them.
XX can't clean the floor if no cleaner.
XX can't cook rice if not enough water.
XX can't draw the curtains if that the drawstrings are tangled.
XX can't turn on lights if cannot find the light switch.
XX can't move the furniture if the furniture is too heavy.
XX can't fetch an object if losing the object.
XX can't turn tv off if you can't find the remote control.
XX can't answer the doorbell if not being able to get to the door.
XX can't pour beer into a glass if too much foam.
XX can't empty the trash if a hole in the garbage bag.
XX can't paint a wall if the paint is in the wrong color.
XX can't turn music system off if cannot find the remote.
XX can't secure all windows if the window is stuck.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if a stuck garbage bag.
XX can't cook pasta if no hot water.
XX can't put object away if object cannot be moved.
XX can't close the curtains if opening of curtains.
XX can't cook the fish if no fish.
XX can't obtain the newspaper if the paperboy threw the newspaper in the bushes.
XX can't place ladder near wall if get the ladder.
XX can't secure all exits if no doors.
XX can't clean the floor if there is no mop.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if a snow covered sidewalk.
XX can't put milk in the refrigerator if the fridge is too full.
XX can't feed a pet cat if you have run out of cat food.
XX can't boil the milk if the spillage.
XX can't wrap a gift if the gift is an awkward shape.
XX can't watch for the kids to come home if kids haven't come home.
XX can't greet a visitor if that you can't stand up.
XX can't walk the dog if the dog is pulling on the leash.
XX can't perform research on specified topic if unspecific keywords bringing up unrelated material.
XX can't erase the whiteboard if there is no eraser.
XX can't calm an infant if the phone rings.
XX can't heat food in microwave if plate won't fit in microwave.
XX can't hang clothes if no clothes pins.
XX can't put away groceries if pets trying to eat the groceries.
XX can't retrieve a tool if it's too far down a hole.
XX can't find a person if the person is not there to be found.
XX can't clean the table if the dusting cloth is not to be found.
XX can't erase the whiteboard if not having the correct eraser.
XX can't answer the phone if no one is on the line.
XX can't fold clothes if the clothes need ironing.
XX can't sing a song if you don't know the words of the song.
XX can't handle toxic materials if spilling materials.
XX can't change a bulb if no replacement bulb of equal wattage.
XX can't tell a story if there is too much noise.
XX can't feed a pet cat if the cat won't come when called.
XX can't give a medicine if that the child wont take it.
XX can't clean the shower if the shower is already cleaned.
XX can't plug battery into charger if charger is broken.
XX can't put up a painting if that the wall is cracked.
XX can't mow the lawn if there are toys on the lawn that haven't been picked up.
XX can't pick up dishes if them being too heavy.
XX can't secure all windows if sore arms.
XX can't find a person if can't find the person.
XX can't teach a song to a child if the child won't pay attention.
XX can't obtain the newspaper if no newspaper.
XX can't wash clothes if no soap.
XX can't dust an object if the object being out of reach.
XX can't pack a mailing box if box not big enough.
XX can't assist person in standing up if he refuses to sit down.
XX can't place ladder near wall if the ladder isnt tall enough.
XX can't secure all exits if no exits.
XX can't fetch an object if its too dark to see.
XX can't plug an electric applicance if if the outlet is blocked.
XX can't turn music system off if not knowing how.
XX can't take someone's temperature if your thermometer is broke.
XX can't raise the blinds if string out of reach.
XX can't sing a song if a bad voice.
XX can't wrap a gift if running out of tape.
XX can't iron clothes if the ironing board is unsteady.
XX can't iron clothes if iron is broken.
XX can't turn off lights if finding the switch.
XX can't dust an object if no dustrag.
XX can't pick up dishes if slippery hands.
XX can't clean up toys if that you don't know where to put the toys.
XX can't make a shopping list if the list.
XX can't secure all windows if not all window have locks.
XX can't open the garage if a broken garage door.
XX can't buy from vending machine if not enough change.
XX can't clean the table if someone has not finished eating.
XX can't put up a painting if the nail slips.
XX can't give a message to someone at home if theyre not there.
XX can't apply the band aid if that the area you are trying to apply it on is too dirty for the bandaid to stick properly.
XX can't cook pasta if not having a pot to simmer it in.
XX can't recharge batteries if leaking batteries.
XX can't pack a mailing box if that it is full.
XX can't turn on lights if the bulbs are burned.
XX can't cook the noodle if if the water is not hot enough.
XX can't pack a suitcase if suitcase cant be lock.
XX can't make a shopping list if no pen.
XX can't clean the shower if there is no cleaner.
XX can't make a flight reservation if that the computer system is down.
XX can't recharge batteries if batteries to old to hold charge.
XX can't go outside if it starts to rain.
XX can't change bed sheets if the sheet being the wrong size.
XX can't tell a story if cannot find storybook.
XX can't gather all scattered toys if there is a toy missing.
XX can't throw an object if the object is too heavy.
XX can't make a flight reservation if no flights.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if the batteries are not working.
XX can't throw an object if object can't be found.
XX can't push something if it tips over.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if dirtying the plates.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if can puch him.
XX can't make breakfast if that the stove is broken.
XX can't become mail if no mail.
XX can't dust an object if that the object has jagged edges.
XX can't put up a painting if the hammer is broken.
XX can't lock windows if the window lock is broken.
XX can't buy from vending machine if a girl is inside it.
XX can't push someone in a wheel chair if brake stuck on.
XX can't turn music system off if turn off radio.
XX can't turn the air conditioner on if i want some air conditioning.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if dirtying the plates.
XX can't remove and replace garbage bag if the garbage is overflowing.
XX can't check for weather if that the weather's too extreme to register.
XX can't photocopy a paper if the photocopier is not working.
XX can't make baby sleep if she's hungry.
XX can't unload the dishwasher if that the dishwasher isn't finished cleaning yet.
XX can't raise the blinds if no blinds.
XX can't replace a refrigerator filter if not having a replacement filter.
XX can't guard the house if no intruders.
XX can't take someone's temperature if the themometer is not working.
XX can't secure all windows if that some windows do not lock.
XX can't make coffee if being out of coffee filters.
XX can't heat food on kitchen gas if run out of gas.
XX can't hang clothes if there are no more hangers.
XX can't feed a pet dog if no food.
XX can't iron clothes if if the iron is not plugged in.
XX can't vacuum the carpet if vacuum is missing.
XX can't change a baby diaper if the baby is crying.
XX can't open a web page if not connected to the internet.
XX can't gather all scattered toys if cannot hold all of the toys.
XX can't write a letter if that you re out of ink.
XX can't find a person if deciding where to start looking.
XX can't keep the dog away if dog wants to chase you.
XX can't load the dishwasher if a lack of space in the dishwasher.
XX can't fetch an object if dog does not want to play.
XX can't follow someone around if if you lose the person.
XX can't kick a ball if tripping.
XX can't pick up dishes if they are not clean.
XX can't fold clothes if the clothes are wrinkled.
XX can't call 911 if busy signal.
XX can't fold clothes if clothes are wrinkled.
XX can't make the omelette if there is no more eggs.
XX can't keep the dog away if that the dog is not on a leash.
XX can't wrap a gift if gifts are hard to wrap.
XX can't entertain children if children not paying attention.
XX can't make breakfast if out of pancakes.
XX can't change a bulb if a broken bulb.
XX can't sharpen a pencil if the blade isn't sharp enough.
XX can't set a wake up alarm if the alarm is broken.
XX can't turn the air conditioner on if can't reach switch.
XX can't buy from vending machine if coin gets stuck.
XX can't turn music system off if turn off music system.
XX can't make a bed if the sheets are ripped.
XX can't fetch a cold drink if no ice.
XX can't fetch an object if trip and fall.
XX can't replace batteries in the toy if the wrong size batteries are available.
XX can't help someone carry something if theyre weak.
XX can't turn music system on if the music system is not plugged.
XX can't make soup if stove is broken.
XX can't help someone carry something if lack of time.
XX can't check if a store is open if store is closed.
XX can't make sure children are fed if that there are just too many children to be fed.
XX can't push something if the object being too heavy.
XX can't turn the air conditioner on if no air conditioner.
XX can't heat food on kitchen gas if a pilot light that is out.
XX can't open the package if the package being taped too much.
XX can't vacuum the carpet if the carpet is already clean.
XX can't chop vegetables if cutting onesself.
XX can't print the document if the printer is out of paper.
XX can't follow someone around if losing the person.
XX can't tell a story if the story was already told before.
XX can't cook the fish if no cooking oil available.
XX can't buy from vending machine if not having enough change.
XX can't clean up if no cleaning solution.
XX can't give a message to someone at home if the voice mail is not working.
XX can't make the hot dog if no power.
XX can't greet a visitor if the visitor not seeing you.
XX can't feed the infant if you lost the infant.
XX can't send party invitations if you are out of stamps.
XX can't call 911 if no telephone available.
XX can't clean the table if a resistant stain.
XX can't watch for the kids to come home if the kids are late.
XX can't boil the milk if all the pots and pans are dirty.
XX can't help someone carry something if you have your own things to carry.
XX can't make a shopping list if losing the list.
XX can't sharpen a pencil if the pencil is too short to go in the sharpener.
XX can't call 911 if not near phone.