Bed side table becomes clean if bed side table is dusty and XX dusts bed side table.
The spill becomes cleaned if the spill is uncleaned and XX cleans it.
High chair becomes higher if high chair is lower and XX raises high chair.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX empties it.
Wax application becomes removed if wax application is applied and XX removes wax application.
The ground becomes clean if the ground is dirty and XX cleans it.
Portable scale becomes balanced if portable scale is unbalanced and XX calibrates portable scale.
The cell phone becomes fully charged if the cell phone is low and XX charges it.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
Ceiling light becomes off if ceiling light is on and XX turns off ceiling light.
The globe becomes examined if the globe is unexamined and XX examines it.
The orange becomes juiced if the orange is intact and XX squeezes it.
The house plant becomes wet if the house plant is dry and XX waters it.
The can becomes the recycling if the can is trach and XX recycles it.
The coke becomes frozen if the coke is normal and XX refrigerates it.
Letter envelope with hands becomes open by hand if letter envelope with hands is sealed and XX tears letter envelope with hands.
The match becomes seen if the match is unwatched and XX watches it.
Windows with curtains becomes closed curtains if windows with curtains is open curtains and XX covers windows with curtains.
Jar of peanut butter becomes safe from contamination if jar of peanut butter is exposed to flying insects and XX closes jar of peanut butter.
Chalk board becomes clear if chalk board is full and XX wipes off chalk board.
The garbage can becomes washed if the garbage can is dirty and XX washes it.
The mug becomes clean if the mug is dirty and XX washes it.
Bottle of conditioner becomes filled if bottle of conditoner is empty and XX refills bottle of conditoner.
Metal chain becomes lubricated if metal chain is unlubricated and XX lubricates metal chain.
The chair becomes soft if side chair comfortable by placing a cushion is angular and XX makes side chair comfortable by placing a cushion.
Bouncing ball becomes flying if bouncing ball is being still and XX throws bouncing ball.
Strawberries become eaten if bowl of strawberries is uneaten and XX consumes bowl of strawberries.
The doctor becomes called if the doctor is uncalled and XX contacts him.
Can of food becomes open if can of food is closed and XX opens can of food.
French fries become in the stomach if french fries are on the plate and XX eats them.
The amplifier becomes quiet if the amplifier is loud and XX turns down it.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
Garbage from trash can becomes empty if garbage from trash can is full and XX removes garbage from trash can.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is crying and XX calms it.
The notebook becomes the page if the notebook is the page and XX makes it.
The house becomes empty if the trip is occupied and XX goes on it.
Nail paint becomes applied if nail paint is idle and XX applies nail paint.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
The musical instrument becomes played if the musical instrument is unplayed and XX plays it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Hair blowdryer becomes used if hair blowdryer is unused and XX uses hair blowdryer.
Pair of trousers becomes clean if pair of trousers is unclean and XX washes pair of trousers.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes sanitary if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Tube of toothpaste becomes flattened if tube of toothpaste is round and XX squeezes tube of toothpaste.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Gradebook becomes read if gradebook is unread and XX peruses gradebook.
Network hub becomes used if network hub is unused and XX uses network hub.
The stamp becomes stuck if the stamp is unstuck and XX sticks it.
The business card becomes being in another if the business card is being in one person's hand and XX receives it.
The accordion becomes playng music if the accordion is not playing music and XX plays it.
The yarn becomes had if the yarn is mesy and XX gathers it.
Meat into the grinder becomes grinded if meat into the grinder is not grinded and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
Glass of  water to visitor becomes the visitor s if glass of  water to visitor is no one's water and XX offers glass of  water to visitor.
The baby becomes calm if baby calm is the upset and XX makes baby calm.
The dish becomes empty if the dish is filled with food and XX eats it.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Grass becomes trimmed if grass is shaggy and XX trims it.
The golfer becomes ready if golf clubs are unprepared and XX has them.
Plant pot becomes crumbs if plant pot is solid and XX replaces plant pot.
Fresh carrot becomes eaten if fresh carrot is left alone and XX eats fresh carrot.
The bagel becomes the mouth if the bagel is the hand and XX eats it.
Meat becomes eaten if meat is uneaten and XX eats it.
Frosted cake becomes sliced if frosted cake is whole and XX serves frosted cake.
Grass becomes short if grass is long and XX trims it.
Song to listen becomes heard if song to listen is unheard and XX selects song to listen.
Car doors becomes closed if doors of the car is opened and XX closes doors of the car.
Milk carton becomes empty if milk carton is full and XX consumes milk carton.
Water tap filter becomes new if water tap filter is old and XX replaces water tap filter.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
Christmas cookie becomes gone if christmas cookie is whole and XX eats christmas cookie.
Video game console becomes belonging to someone else if video game console is belonging to you and XX sells video game console.
Babies highchair becomes higher if babies highchair is low and XX adjusts babies highchair.
Dishes become organized if dishes are disorganized and XX tidies up them.
The garlic becomes eaten if the garlic is uneaten and XX consumes it.
Bottle of beer becomes cooled if bottle of beer is not cooled and XX cools bottle of beer.
The jug becomes carried if the jug is stationary and XX carries it.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Cooked food becomes provided if cooked food is unprovided and XX provides cooked food.
Dial-tone becomes on if dial-tone is off and XX hears dial-tone.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is crumpled and XX irons pair of pants.
The board game becomes played if the board game is unplayed and XX plays it.
The address becomes found if the address is unknown and XX searches it.
The soccer ball becomes being in motion if the soccer ball is being still and XX kicks it.
The muffin becomes served if the muffin is unserved and XX serves it.
Body's odour becomes the offensive if the garlic is normal and XX consumes it.
The pool becomes clean if the pool is dirty and XX cleans it.
The radiator becomes cold if the radiator is hot and XX cools it.
The tuxedo becomes cxlean if the tuxedo is dirty and XX dry-cleans it.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is dirty and XX cleans it.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
The guitar becomes tuned if the guitar is out of tune and XX tunes it.
Baby cup becomes clean if baby cup is dirty and XX cleans baby cup.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
The tool becomes found if the tool is lost and XX retrieves it.
Computer display becomes brighter if computer display is dark and XX brightens computer display.
Trash bag becomes outside if the trash is in the house and XX takes out it.
The washing machine becomes unloaded if the washing machine is loaded and XX unloads it.
People to sit becomes taken if people to sit is open and XX asks people to sit.
The art book becomes purchased if the art book is for sale and XX buys it.
The coin becomes picked if the coin is not being picked and XX picks up it.
The address becomes new if the address is old and XX updates it.
Exercise machine before exercising becomes adjusted if exercise machine before exercising is unadjusted and XX adjusts exercise machine before exercising.
Chalk board becomes worthless if chalk board is useful and XX paints chalk board.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are unassembled and XX assembles them.
First aid box with band aids and medicines becomes full if first aid box with band aids and medicines is empty and XX fills first aid box with band aids and medicines.
Height of baby chair becomes lower if height of baby chair is higher and XX adjusts height of baby chair.
The cracker becomes eaten if the cracker is uneaten and XX eats it.
Three piece suit becomes on the body if three piece suit is in the closet and XX wears three piece suit.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
The clothing becomes smooth if the clothing is wrinkled and XX irons it.
The lace becomes knotted if the lace is dangling and XX ties it.
Grass becomes short if grass is tall and XX mows it.
Portable telephone becomes on if portable telephone is off and XX recharges portable telephone.
Air conditioning duct becomes new if air conditioning duct is old and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
The car becomes locked if the car is unlocked and XX locks it.
Lighting becomes increased if lighting is normal and XX increases it.
The computer game becomes on if the computer game is off and XX plays it.
The jewelry box becomes locked if the jewelry box is unlocked and XX secures it.
The spill becomes clean if the spill is unclean and XX cleans it.
Dodgeball becomes caught if dodgeball is free and XX catches dodgeball.
Pair of reading glasses becomes on the face if pair of reading glasses is on the table and XX puts on pair of reading glasses.
Toner cartridge becomes usable if toner cartridge is empty and XX refills toner cartridge.
The valve becomes tight if the valve is loose and XX tightens it.
Salad tosser becomes fixed if salad tosser is broken and XX fixes salad tosser.
The board game becomes played if the board game is idle and XX plays it.
Bottle of window cleaner becomes refilled if bottle of window cleaner is empty and XX refills bottle of window cleaner.
The list becomes awsome if the list is boring and XX makes it.
Sticky tape becomes used if sticky tape is unused and XX applies sticky tape.
The melon becomes eaten if the melon is not eaten and XX eats it.
Door of closet becomes closed if door of closet is open and XX closes door of closet.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The exercise becomes doen if the exercise is not done and XX does it.
Televison becomes on if televison is off and XX turns on televison.
House coat becomes clean if house coat is dirty and XX washes house coat.
The kite becomes being in the air if the kite is being on the grass and XX flies it.
The commode becomes clean if the commode is dirty and XX cleans it.
Bowl with crayons becomes empty if bowl with crayons is full and XX uses bowl with crayons.
The Polish brass instrument becomes Polish if the brass instrument is unploish and XX Polishes it.
Hiking boots become used if hiking boots are new and XX wears them.
Windows become ajar if windows to let out fumes is shut and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
The cocktail becomes drank if the cocktail is drinkable and XX mixes it.
Ice cube into pieces becomes broken up if ice cube into pieces is whole and XX breaks ice cube into pieces.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Bathroom sink becomes clean if bathroom sink is dirty and XX cleans up bathroom sink.
The lamp becomes less bright if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
Bunch of roses in vase becomes dried if bunch of roses in vase is live and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
Bicycle pump becomes used if bicycle pump is idle and XX uses bicycle pump.
The front door becomes open if the front door is closed and XX opens it.
Medicines regularly to the patient becomes taken if medicines regularly to the patient is untaken and XX gives medicines regularly to the patient.
Jar of peanut butter becomes closed if jar of peanut butter is open and XX closes jar of peanut butter.
Dishes become being stored if dishes are lying about and XX puts away them.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
The ball becomes being held if the ball is travelling and XX catches it.
Jam jar before serving becomes close if jam jar before serving is open and XX opens jam jar before serving.
Shim becomes new if shim is old and XX replaces shim.
Babies highchair becomes short if babies highchair is tall and XX adjusts babies highchair.
Sugar becomes disolved if sugar is solid and XX adds it.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
The detergent becomes liquid if the detergent is the powder and XX adds it.
Hairs become dry if hairs are wet and XX dries them.
The cushion becomes cleaned if the cushion is dirty and XX washes it.
The heater becomes hot if the heater is cold and XX turns off it.
Bottle of water becomes cold if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
Dirty dishes in dishwasher becomes disgusting if dirty dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
Spool of thread becomes rolled if spool of thread is unrolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Book rack becomes organized if book rack is not organized and XX organizes book rack.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX cleans it.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is damp and XX dries piece of wood.
The house becomes tidy if the house is messy and XX cleans it.
The nice wall becomes nice if the wall is ugly and XX repaints it.
The shower becomes wet if the shower is dry and XX takes it.
Teeth become clean if teeth are dirty and XX brushes them.
Weather becomes checked if weather is not checked and XX checks it.
The interior becomes neat if the interior is boring and XX designs it.
The omelette becomes prepared if the omelette is raw and XX prepares it.
Jar of jam becomes opened if jar of jam is closed and XX opens jar of jam.
The soda becomes empty if the soda is full and XX drinks it.
The kitchen becomes clean if the kitchen is dirty and XX disinfects it.
The skirt becomes worn if the skirt is unworn and XX wears it.
The detergent becomes less if the detergent is more and XX measures it.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
Crescent wrench becomes used if crescent wrench is unused and XX uses crescent wrench.
Coke can becomes thrown away if coke can is not thrown away and XX disposes coke can.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The toothpaste becomes flattened if the toothpaste is plump and XX squeezes it.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX warms up it.
Shoes become worn if shoes are unworn and XX wears them.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is uncarved and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
The nail becomes straight if the nail is bent and XX straightens it.
Bundle of yarn with care becomes handled if bundle of yarn with care is unhandled and XX handles bundle of yarn with care.
Bathroom shower becomes clean if bathroom shower is dirty and XX cleans bathroom shower.
The detergent becomes bubbles if the detergent is powerder and XX adds it.
Roll of film for processing becomes developed if roll of film for processing is raw and XX gives roll of film for processing.
Expensive appliances becomes unplugged if expensive appliances is plugged in and XX unplugs expensive appliances.
The garbage disposal becomes empty if the garbage disposal is full and XX empties it.
The waffle becomes eaten if the waffle is uneaten and XX eats it.
Baby bib becomes dirty if baby bib is clean and XX uses baby bib.
The movie becomes watched if the movie is unwatched and XX watches it.
The screwdriver becomes used if the screwdriver is unused and XX uses it.
Diamond jewelery becomes the cost if diamond jewelery is the cost and XX wears diamond jewelery.
Can of corn becomes eaten if can of corn is not eaten and XX consumes can of corn.
The cucumber becomes being peeled if the cucumber is not being peeled and XX peels it.
Amount of sugar to be added becomes in the mix if amount of sugar to be added is out and XX asks amount of sugar to be added.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
Chocolate pudding becomes the energy if chocolate pudding is food and XX eats chocolate pudding.
The hair becomes neat if the hair is messy and XX combs it.
The number becomes dieled if the number is undieled and XX dials it.
The humidifier becomes on if the humidifier is off and XX uses it.
The web browser becomes open if the web browser is closed and XX opens it.
Piece of bread becomes chewed if piece of bread is whole and XX eats piece of bread.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX washes them.
Dish detergent becomes added if dish detergent is not added and XX adds dish detergent.
The mower becomes functioning if mower to mow the lawn is idle and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
Bottle of beer becomes cooled if bottle of beer is not cooled and XX cools bottle of beer.
Ambulence becomes driving if ambulence is at the hospital and XX calls ambulence.
The diet becomes less food if the diet is more food and XX reduces it.
Note pads becomes full if note pads is empty and XX refills note pads.
The pill becomes swallowed if the pill is unswallowed and XX takes it.
Table cloth on the table becomes open if table cloth on the table is folded and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
The paper becomes copied if the paper is not copied and XX photocopies it.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
Drapes become together if drapes are separated and XX closes them.
The person becomes happy if the person is lonely and XX hugs him.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes being cleaned if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX loads dishes in dishwasher.
Cup of coffee becomes served if cup of coffee is userved and XX serves cup of coffee.
Carton of eggs becomes empty if carton of eggs is full and XX consumes carton of eggs.
Art book with glue becomes wet if art book with glue is dry and XX pastes art book with glue.
Lettuce head becomes chopped if lettuce head is unchopped and XX chops lettuce head.
Dog bone becomes moving if dog bone is stationary and XX throws dog bone.
Baby chair becomes observed if baby chair is unatended and XX watches baby chair.
The receptionist becomes helpful if the receptionist is available and XX asks him.
Hiking boots become clean if hiking boots are dirty and XX cleans them.
New diaper on the baby becomes new if new diaper on the baby is old and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
Ink becomes full if ink is running dry and XX refills it.
Bottle of mustard becomes full if bottle of mustard is empty and XX fills bottle of mustard.
Juicer becomes clean if juicer is dirty and XX washes juicer.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Glass bottle becomes recycled if glass bottle is empty and XX recycles glass bottle.
Keys become found if keys are lost and XX finds them.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX refills conditioner bottle.
The plant becomes healthy if the plant is wilting and XX takes care of it.
The luggage becomes dragged if the luggage is stationary and XX drags it.
The coat becomes worn if coat in winters is unworn and XX wears coat in winters.
Notebook battery becomes charged if notebook battery is dead and XX recharges notebook battery.
Important data becomes retrieved if important data is unretrieved and XX retrieves important data.
Door bell becomes ringing if door bell button is silent and XX pushes door bell button.
The computer becomes off if the computer is on and XX turns off it.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX empties lint trap.
Crushed can becomes removed if crushed can is unremoved and XX removes crushed can.
Lead of pencil becomes refilled if lead of pencil is low and XX checks lead of pencil.
Desk fan becomes still if desk fan is running and XX shuts off desk fan.
The volume becomes low if the volume is high and XX turns down it.
Exercise machine becomes clean if exercise machine is dirty and XX cleans exercise machine.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
The desk becomes occupied if the desk is unused and XX uses it.
The filter becomes black if the filter is white and XX replaces it.
The friend becomes being helped out if the friend is needing assistance and XX helps him.
The cookie becomes not wanted if the cookie is wanted and XX throws away it.
Gloves become worn if gloves are unworn and XX wears them.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
Baritone brass instrument becomes adjusted if baritone brass instrument is unadjusted and XX adjusts baritone brass instrument.
The party becomes well attended if the party is poorly attended and XX attends it.
Soup becomes inside the body if soup is outside the body and XX drinks it.
Plumbing pipes becomes warm if plumbing pipes is cool and XX heats plumbing pipes.
Bike helmet becomes worn if bike helmet is off and XX wears bike helmet.
Medicines regularly to the patient becomes taken if medicines regularly to the patient is untaken and XX gives medicines regularly to the patient.
The bin becomes closed if the bin is open and XX closes it.
The junk mail becomes deleted if the junk mail is recieved and XX deletes it.
The presentation becomes dated if the presentation is undecided and XX schedules it.
Pearl necklace becomes worn if pearl necklace is unworn and XX wears pearl necklace.
Files become in storage if files are available and XX archives them.
Meat into the grinder becomes grinded if meat into the grinder is not grinded and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
Pole to clean pool becomes wet if pole to clean pool is dry and XX uses pole to clean pool.
Light fixture becomes off if light fixture is on and XX turns off light fixture.
The grapefruit becomes eaten if the grapefruit is uneaten and XX eats it.
Food processor after use becomes clean if food processor after use is used and XX cleans food processor after use.
Slippers become used if slippers are not used and XX wears them.
The drink becomes served if cold drink in hand tray is ready and XX serves cold drink in hand tray.
The cantaloupe becomes eaten if the cantaloupe is uneaten and XX eats it.
The piano becomes being used if the piano is being idle and XX plays it.
Candy bowl becomes full again if candy bowl with candy is nearly empty and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is unturned and XX turns door handle.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
Pancake with syrup becomes the half if pancake with syrup is whole and XX eats pancake with syrup.
Fresh carrot before making salad becomes clean if fresh carrot before making salad is dirty and XX washes fresh carrot before making salad.
The web browser becomes opened if the web browser is closed and XX opens it.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
Bottle of soda becomes cold if bottle of soda is hot and XX chills bottle of soda.
Time clock becomes the set if time clock is unset and XX sets time clock.
Iron board for ironing becomes ironed on if iron board for ironing is folded up and XX uses iron board for ironing.
Dusting cloth becomes wet if dusting cloth is dry and XX wets dusting cloth.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Door of refrigerator becomes opened if door of refrigerator is closed and XX opens door of refrigerator.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
The cartridge becomes discarded if the cartridge is empty and XX disposes of it.
The bolt becomes tightened if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
The clock becomes late if the clock is on time and XX rewinds it.
Hiking boots become being worn if hiking boots are unused and XX wears them.
The wall becomes clean if the wall is dirty and XX cleans it.
Three piece suit becomes ironed if three piece suit is wrinkled and XX irons three piece suit.
Folding table becomes open if folding table is closed and XX unfolds folding table.
Steam cooker from cooking gas becomes off the stove if steam cooker from cooking gas is on the stove and XX removes steam cooker from cooking gas.
Correct time in watch becomes correct if correct time in watch is incorrect and XX sets correct time in watch.
The guest becomes pleased if glass of tea to guest is thirsty and XX offers glass of tea to guest.
Dollars become spent if dollars are saved and XX spends them.
The address becomes updated if the address is out of date and XX updates it.
Diaper pail becomes light if diaper pail is heavy and XX empties diaper pail.
Gravy bowl becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is being empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
Windows become off if windows are on and XX shuts down them.
Eyes become closed if eyes are open and XX closes them.
Stamp collection becomes the safe if stamp collection safely is unsafe and XX keeps stamp collection safely.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
Dirty dishes becomes slightly contaminated if dirty dishes is grossly contaminated and XX rinses dirty dishes.
The blouse becomes repaired if the blouse is ripped and XX stitches it.
The flute becomes used if the flute is unused and XX plays it.
The bib becomes clean if the bib is soiled and XX washes it.
Carton of eggs becomes empty if carton of eggs is full and XX consumes carton of eggs.
The front door becomes closed if the front door is open and XX closes it.
Puncture of bicycle becomes not existing if puncture of bicycle is existing and XX mends puncture of bicycle.
The buckle becomes fastened if the buckle is loose and XX ties it.
The ball becomes caught if the ball is not caught and XX catches it.
The dishwasher becomes full if the dishwasher is empty and XX loads it.
The jar becomes open if the lid is closed and XX unscrews it.
Pair of pajamas becomes dirty if pair of pajamas is clean and XX wears pair of pajamas.
The waffle becomes devoured if the waffle is untouched and XX eats it.
Clothes become ironed if clothes are not ironed and XX irons them.
Dishes become tidied up if dishes are disarrayed and XX tidies up them.
The cheeseburger becomes warm if the cheeseburger is cold and XX heats it.
The blade becomes the trash if the blade is useful and XX discards it.
The tree becomes pretty if the tree is wild and XX trims it.
Hot coffee becomes coffee if hot coffee is beans and XX makes hot coffee.
Coatstand becomes straight if coatstand is crooked and XX straightens coatstand.
The car becomes locked if the car is open and XX locks it.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
The clip becomes tight if the clip is loose and XX tightens it.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
The reference book becomes used if the reference book is unused and XX consults it.
The bowling ball becomes still if the bowling ball is moving and XX catches it.
Dirty dishes in dishwasher becomes on if dirty dishes in dishwasher is off and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
The puppy becomes having a new home if the puppy is for sale and XX keeps it.
Sealing tape becomes on the package if sealing tape is not on the package and XX applies sealing tape.
The damper becomes closed if the damper is open and XX closes it.
Organizing bin becomes not if organizing bin is organized and XX arranges organizing bin.
The berry becomes eaten if the berry is whole and XX eats it.
The heater becomes hot if the heater is cold and XX turns off it.
Oil lamp becomes on if oil lamp is off and XX burns oil lamp.
The sunscreen becomes the spread if the sunscreen is bottled and XX wears it.
The deodorant becomes being on one if the deodorant is being in the container and XX applies it.
The shirt becomes dirty if the shirt is clean and XX wears it.
Broken glass bottle becomes cleaned up if broken glass bottle is scattered and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
Easy chair to visitor becomes soft if easy chair to visitor is hard and XX offers easy chair to visitor.
The child becomes calm if the child is crying and XX pacifies him.
The message becomes sent if the message is unsent and XX sends it.
Fresh bed sheets becomes flattened if fresh bed sheets is folded and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The shirt becomes worn if the shirt is unworn and XX wears it.
Pepsi can becomes small if pepsi can is large and XX crushes pepsi can.
Chocolate pudding becomes in my stomach if chocolate pudding is in a cup and XX eats chocolate pudding.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
Wheel chair becomes moving if wheel chair is the static and XX pushes wheel chair.
The vehicle becomes turned if the vehicle is straight and XX turns it.
The ball becomes bounced if the ball is stationary and XX bounces it.
The coat becomes being worn if the coat is hung on a coat hanger and XX wears it.
The person becomes thirsty if the hamburger is hungry and XX eats it.
Ink cartridge becomes containg ink if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dusty and XX cleans it.
Cheese becomes eaten if cheese is uneaten and XX eats it.
Warm clothes becomes being worn on one's body if warm clothes is hanging on a hanger and XX wears warm clothes.
Kitchen range becomes on if kitchen range is off and XX turns on kitchen range.
Jar of peanut butter becomes closed if jar of peanut butter is open and XX closes jar of peanut butter.
All exits becomes secured if all exits is unsecured and XX guards all exits.
Ac becomes off if ac is on and XX turns off ac.
The bike becomes moving if the bike is idle and XX rides it.
The computer becomes full if the computer software is empty and XX installs it.
Curtains become drawn if curtains are undrawn and XX draws them.
Bathmat becomes dry if bathmat is wet and XX dries bathmat.
The steak becomes gone if the steak is on the plate and XX eats it.
Important document becomes scanned if important document is unscanned and XX scans important document.
The gun becomes deadly if the gun is the safe and XX loads it.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
The ravioli becomes absent if the ravioli is the present and XX eats it.
Papers become organized if papers are untidy and XX arranges them.
Frozen dinner becomes ready to eat if frozen dinner is uncooked and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
Mail becomes opened if mail is unopen and XX opens it.
The microwave becomes on if the microwave is off and XX turns on it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX wipes it.
The whisky becomes gas if the whisky is liquid and XX drinks it.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Bunk bed becomes occupied if bunk bed is unoccupied and XX uses bunk bed.
Belt of  treadmill becomes tight if belt of  treadmill is loose and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
The bee becomes freed if the bee is contained and XX lets out it.
The tie becomes loosely knotted if the tie is tightly knotted and XX loosens it.
Bill becomes payed if Bill is due and XX pays him.
The person becomes entertained if the computer game is bored and XX plays it.
Old batteries becomes useless if old batteries is needed and XX replaces old batteries.
Film in videotape becomes filmed if film in videotape is unfilmed and XX records film in videotape.
Halogen desk lamp becomes bright if halogen desk lamp is off and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
The cantaloupe becomes invisible in the human's belly if the cantaloupe is orange and visible and XX eats it.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is unopened and XX opens it.
Pot of tulips becomes blossoms if pot of tulips is buds and XX takes care of pot of tulips.
Ice cube tray becomes filled if ice cube tray is empty and XX refills ice cube tray.
The garbage disposal becomes empty if the garbage disposal is full and XX empties it.
The modem becomes installed if the modem is not installed and XX installs it.
The pepperoni pizza becomes cold if the pepperoni pizza is warm and XX puts away it.
Shower rod becomes hung up if shower rod is not used and XX installs shower rod.
Papers become clipped if papers are loose and XX clips them.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The toilet becomes flushed if the toilet is unflushed and XX flushes it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The golf ball becomes moving if the golf ball is the stationery and XX hits it.
Painting becomes on the wall if painting is on the ground and XX puts up it.
The fire brigade becomes not sitting around if the fire brigade is sitting around and XX calls it.
Dinner becomes eaten if dinner is uneaten and XX eats it.
Bouncy-ball becomes round if bouncy-ball is the flat and XX inflates bouncy-ball.
The friend becomes helped if the friend is unhelped and XX helps him.
The tape recorder becomes slow if the tape recorder is normal and XX slows down it.
Bowl of crayons becomes organized if bowl of crayons is messy and XX arranges bowl of crayons.
The croissant becomes eaten if the croissant is full and XX eats it.
Bottle cap becomes tight if bottle cap is loose and XX tightens bottle cap.
The trash becomes being taken out if the trash is being in and XX takes out it.
The rifle becomes loaded if the rifle is unloaded and XX loads it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
Pair of steel toed boots becomes on if pair of steel toed boots is off and XX wears pair of steel toed boots.
Basket ball becomes bounced if basket ball is unbounced and XX bounces basket ball.
Musical instruments become played if musical instruments are unplayed and XX hears them.
The orange becomes ripe if the orange is unripe and XX eats it.
Bike helmet becomes the state if bike helmet is the state and XX puts on bike helmet.
The flashlight becomes the ton if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
Creases become absent if creases are the present and XX irons out them.
Weight bench becomes haevy if weight bench is light and XX adjusts weight bench.
The candle becomes lit if the candle is unlit and XX lights it.
Bottle of water in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
The raincoat becomes wet if the raincoat is dry and XX wears it.
The toilet paper becomes disposed of if the toilet paper is being used and XX discards it.
The umbrella becomes open if the umbrella is closed and XX opens it.
Metal chain becomes lubricated if metal chain is unlubricated and XX lubricates metal chain.
Voice while talking becomes quiet if voice while talking is normal and XX lowers voice while talking.
Spaghetti becomes the energy if spaghetti is food and XX eats it.
Shirts become tidied up if shirts in the closet is laying around and XX hangs shirts in the closet.
Oriental rug becomes clean if oriental rug is dirty and XX vacuums oriental rug.
The reclining chair becomes adjusted if the reclining chair is unadjusted and XX adjusts it.
The sofa becomes tidy if the sofa is messy and XX takes care of it.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
Contact lenses become used if contact lenses are unused and XX wears them.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Glass of milk becomes the drunk if glass of milk is not drunk and XX drinks glass of milk.
The cleaner becomes used if the cleaner is new and XX uses cleaner.
Glass cup becomes full if glass cup is empty and XX fills glass cup.
Shoelaces become tied if shoelaces are untied and XX ties them.
The guest becomes the fine if glass of tea to guest is thirsty and XX offers glass of tea to guest.
Tasty choclate becomes eaten if tasty choclate is in the wrapper and XX eats tasty choclate.
The letter becomes on a piece of paper if the letter is in one's head and XX writes it.
Drapes become closed if drapes are open and XX closes them.
Jewelry chest becomes closed if jewelry chest is open and XX closes jewelry chest.
The rifle becomes loaded if the rifle is not loaded and XX loads it.
Pile of papers becomes thrown if pile of papers is not thrown and XX throws pile of papers.
The toilet seat becomes sanitary if the toilet seat is dirty and XX cleans it.
The cigarette becomes lit and being smoked if the cigarette is unlit and XX lights it.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
Watermelon in refrigerator becomes cold if watermelon in refrigerator is warm and XX preserves watermelon in refrigerator.
The person becomes feeling safe if the person is feeling unsafe and XX guards him.
The amplifier becomes adjusted if the amplifier is unadjusted and XX adjusts it.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is not arranged and XX arranges stack of paper.
The dishwasher becomes loaded if dishes in dishwasher is unloaded and XX puts dishes in dishwasher.
Tiki god mask becomes decorated if tiki god mask is the plain and XX colors tiki god mask.
Printing cartridge becomes filled if printing cartridge is empty and XX changes printing cartridge.
Ac becomes being off if ac is being on and XX turns off ac.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Long jump rope from the ends becomes compact if long jump rope from the ends is wide and XX tightens long jump rope from the ends.
Hand made items becomes sold if hand made items is for sale and XX buys hand made items.
The cucumber becomes eaten if the cucumber is uneaten and XX eats it.
The car engine becomes running if the car engine is not working and XX STARTS it.
Volume of the digital disc player becomes lower if digital disc player is higher and XX turns down digital disc player.
The person becomes medicated if medicine to person is unmedicated and XX gives medicine to person.
The back pack becomes carried on one's back if the back pack is unused and XX carries it.
Pile of papers becomes scattered if pile of papers is stacked and XX throws pile of papers.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
The package becomes opened if the package is unopened and XX opens it.
Curtains become clean if curtains are dirty and XX washes them.
Liquid from floor becomes clean if liquid from floor is drity and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Toilet roll becomes sold if toilet roll is for sale and XX purchases toilet roll.
Gloves become worn if gloves are unworn and XX wears them.
The dishwasher becomes running and getting dishes cleaned if the dishwasher is idle and XX STARTS it.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
Pepsi can becomes crushed if pepsi can is cylindrical and XX crushes pepsi can.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
The alarm becomes motivating if the alarm is unmotivating and XX triggers it.
Hot coffee becomes consumed if hot coffee is unconsumed and XX drinks hot coffee.
Recycle bin becomes empty if recycle bin is full and XX empties recycle bin.
Ravioli before serving becomes cooked if ravioli before serving is raw and XX cooks ravioli before serving.
Purse with money becomes fill if purse with money is empty and XX fills purse with money.
The dishwasher becomes on if the dishwasher is off and XX turns on it.
The wrench becomes used if the wrench is unused and XX uses it.
The person becomes commended if the person is unrecognized and XX congratulates him.
Blackboard before use becomes empty if blackboard before use is filled and XX erases blackboard before use.
The chicken becomes eaten if the drumstick is cooked and XX eats it.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX washes door mat.
Bunch of roses in vase becomes in a vase if bunch of roses in vase is unwrapped and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
Dirt from the floor becomes being elsewhere if dirt from the floor is being on the floor and XX sweeps dirt from the floor.
Ac becomes on if ac is off and XX turns off ac.
The baton becomes Polished if the baton is tarnished and XX Polishes it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX cleans it.
The pear becomes eaten if the pear is uneaten and XX eats it.
Fan switch becomes being in the on position if fan switch is being in the off position and XX turns on fan switch.
The purse becomes monitored if the purse is unmonitored and XX safeguards it.
The sink becomes full if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
The plumber becomes on duty if the plumber is off duty and XX calls him.
The costume becomes wet if the costume is dry and XX washes it.
Dirty clothes to laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes to laundry is dirty and XX delivers dirty clothes to laundry.
The friend becomes grateful if the friend is distressed and XX helps him.
Tiles become replaced if tiles are not replaced and XX replaces them.
The cranberry juice becomes unavailable if the cranberry juice is available and XX drinks it.
The drumstick becomes eaten if the drumstick is uneaten and XX eats it.
The memo becomes sent if the memo is written and XX sends it.
The tuxedo becomes wrinkled if the tuxedo is pressed and XX wears it.
Water tap filter becomes clean water if water tap filter is dirty and XX replaces water tap filter.
Bunch of tulips becomes dead if bunch of tulips is alive and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
The bib becomes clean if the bib is dirty and XX washes it.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX cooks it.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
The lightbulb becomes new if the lightbulb is burnt out and XX replaces it.
The elevator becomes used if the elevator is unused and XX takes it.
Sweatshirt becomes put on if sweatshirt is folded and XX wears sweatshirt.
The flute becomes the musical if the flute is silent and XX hears it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX washes pile of laundry.
Toy bricks becomes structured if toy bricks is scattered and XX arranges toy bricks.
The bat becomes not used if the bat is used and XX puts off it.
Conditioner bottle becomes empty if conditioner bottle is full and XX uses conditioner bottle.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
The suitcase becomes full if the suitcase is empty and XX packs it.
Elastic band becomes stretched if elastic band is relaxed and XX stretches elastic band.
Piece of cheese becomes invisible if piece of cheese is visible and XX eats piece of cheese.
The dish becomes eaten if the dish is uneaten and XX eats it.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is unwatched and XX controls it.
Child's cup becomes filled if child's cup is empty and XX fills child's cup.
Sandals become worn if sandals are unworn and XX wears them.
Halogen desk lamp becomes on if halogen desk lamp is off and XX turns on halogen desk lamp.
The heater becomes off if the heater is on and XX turns off it.
Baby in arms becomes happy if baby in arms is crying and XX picks up baby in arms.
The vision becomes good if pair of contacts is poor and XX wears pair of contacts.
Gloves become worn if gloves are unworn and XX wears them.
Stamps on envelope becomes on the envelope if stamps on envelope is in the stamp book and XX pastes stamps on envelope.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries out bath mat.
Keys become found if keys are lost and XX finds them.
Seat cushion becomes mended if seat cushion is torn and XX repairs seat cushion.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The goblet becomes clean if the goblet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The cracker becomes chewed if the cracker is whole and XX eats it.
Lid on the carton becomes closed if lid on the carton is open and XX closes lid on the carton.
Bandaid becomes used if bandaid is worn and XX peels off bandaid.
Computer desk becomes organized if computer desk is cluttered and XX cleans computer desk.
The radiator becomes the cooler if the radiator is hot and XX cools it.
The toner becomes full if the toner is empty and XX replaces it.
The flashlight becomes off if the flashlight is on and XX uses it.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
The bath becomes dirty if the bath is clean and XX takes it.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
The server becomes working if the server is idle and XX restarts him.
Bicycle tyre becomes inflated if bicycle tyre is the flat and XX inflates bicycle tyre.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
Children become serene if children are overwrought and XX calms them.
The paper becomes copied if the photocopy is original and XX makes it.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
Notebook battery becomes charged if notebook battery is uncharged and XX recharges notebook battery.
Teapot with caution becomes handled if teapot with caution is not handled and XX handles teapot with caution.
The cell phone becomes charged if the cell phone is dead and XX charges it.
First aid box becomes in drawer if first aid box in drawer is out of drawer and XX keeps first aid box in drawer.
Garbage in trash can becomes empty if garbage in trash can is full and XX empties garbage in trash can.
The job becomes completed if the job is undone and XX performs it.
Coatstand becomes holding coats if coatstand is empty and XX uses coatstand.
Batteries become live if batteries into the charger is dead and XX puts batteries into the charger.
The bedsheet becomes used if the bedsheet is unused and XX places it.
Receiver on cordless phone base becomes on if receiver on cordless phone base is off and XX charges receiver on cordless phone base.
Heartrate becomes high if heartrate is low and XX increases heartrate.
Toilet scrubber becomes rinsed if toilet scrubber with water is grossly contaminated and XX rinses toilet scrubber with water.
Piece of paper for future purpose becomes stored away if piece of paper for future purpose is exposed and XX stores piece of paper for future purpose.
Bedspread becomes mended if bedspread is unmended and XX mends bedspread.
The vegetable becomes consumed if the vegetable is uneaten and XX eats it.
The mop becomes wet if the mop is dry and XX dips it.
The sink becomes empty if the sink is full and XX empties it.
Grocery list becomes checked off if groceries are full and XX picks them.
The call becomes played if the call is unplayed and XX replays it.
Coffee beans become the ground if coffee beans are whole and XX grinds them.
Laundry softener becomes filled if laundry softener is empty and XX refills laundry softener.
Drain plug becomes open if drain plug is closed and XX opens drain plug.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
Food in bulk becomes at your house if food in bulk is at the store and XX buys food in bulk.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is whole and XX serves it.
The spill becomes wiped up if spill with a paper towel is spilled and XX wipes spill with a paper towel.
The goblet becomes clean if the goblet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
The burner becomes on if the burner is off and XX lights it.
Pearl necklace becomes being stored if pearl necklace in locker is lying about and XX keeps pearl necklace in locker.
Plates become the set if plates are not set and XX sets them.
Chain links becomes connected if chain links is unconnected and XX connects chain links.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Bottle cap becomes tight if bottle cap is loose and XX tightens bottle cap.
The cutting board becomes sterilized if the cutting board is unsterilized and XX sterilizes it.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
The fire becomes extinguished if the fire is burning and XX puts out it.
The head becomes protected if safety helmet is unprotected and XX wears safety helmet.
Blades become new if blades are old and XX changes them.
Ice bucket becomes filled with ice if ice bucket is empty and XX refills ice bucket.
Nail paint becomes applied if nail paint is not applied and XX applies nail paint.
Garbage from trash can becomes clean if garbage from trash can is smelly and XX removes garbage from trash can.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
The toilet becomes clean if the toilet is dirty and XX flushes it.
Pair of socks becomes used if pair of socks is unworn and XX wears pair of socks.
Curling iron after use becomes cold if curling iron after use is hot and XX turns off curling iron after use.
The person becomes happy if the doctor is sick and XX consults him.
Red pepper becomes eaten if red pepper is not eaten and XX eats red pepper.
The car becomes moving if the car is idle and XX drives it.
Food becomes prepared if food is unprepared and XX prepares it.
Kegs become sold if kegs are in the store and XX buys them.
Pants before wearing becomes pressed if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
The videocassette becomes rewinded if the videocassette is played and XX rewinds it.
Date stamp becomes inked if date stamp is not inked and XX inks date stamp.
Eyeglasses become worn if eyeglasses are unworn and XX wears them.
Dishes become the set if dishes are unset and XX sets them.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
Copying machine becomes refilled if copying machine is empty and XX refills copying machine.
Papers become collated if papers are not collated and XX staples them.
The toilet seat becomes sanitary if the toilet seat is dirty and XX cleans it.
The potato becomes the cut if the potato is whole and XX cuts it.
The fire department becomes at the house if firealarm is at the station and XX reports firealarm.
Letter in mailbox becomes being mailed if letter in mailbox is not being mailed and XX mails letter in mailbox.
Windows become ajar if windows to let out fumes is shut and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
Bike helmet becomes on one's head if bike helmet is on a bench and XX puts on bike helmet.
Kitchen gas stove becomes lit if kitchen gas stove is off and XX lights kitchen gas stove.
Diamond jewelery becomes being worn if diamond jewelery is unworn and XX wears diamond jewelery.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
House coat becomes clean if house coat is dirty and XX washes house coat.
Hiking backpack becomes carried if hiking backpack is on the ground and XX carries hiking backpack.
The shirt becomes worn if the shirt is in the drawer and XX wears it.
Coffee mug becomes full if coffee mug is empty and XX fills coffee mug.
Pair of hiking boots becomes used if pair of hiking boots is unused and XX wears pair of hiking boots.
Lint trap becomes open if lint trap is clogged and XX empties lint trap.
Nails become short if nails are long and XX cuts them.
Dishes become clean if dishes are dirty and XX tidies up them.
Rain coat becomes worn if rain coat is not worn and XX puts on rain coat.
The soccer ball becomes in motion if the soccer ball is stopped and XX kicks it.
Pepsi can becomes a circle if pepsi can is cylindrical and XX crushes pepsi can.
The laundry becomes washed if the laundry is unclean and XX does it.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
Computer monitor becomes turned off if computer monitor is turned on and XX turns off computer monitor.
Christmas cookie becomes eaten if christmas cookie is whole and XX eats christmas cookie.
Organizing bin becomes not if organizing bin is organized and XX arranges organizing bin.
The diaper becomes in one's hand if the diaper is on a baby and XX removes it.
The wheel becomes moving if the wheel is still and XX spins it.
Wall calendar becomes new if wall calendar is old and XX replaces wall calendar.
The ring becomes worn if the ring is unworn and XX wears it.
Garbage in trash can becomes outside if garbage in trash can is the room and XX empties garbage in trash can.
Food becomes covered if food is exposed and XX covers it.
Presents become appreciated if presents are unappreciated and XX appreciates them.
The hutch becomes unlocked if the hutch is locked and XX unlocks it.
The server becomes working if the server is idle and XX restarts him.
Satellite receiver becomes installed if satellite receiver is uninstalled and XX installs satellite receiver.
Pencil lead becomes new if pencil lead is old and XX replaces pencil lead.
Basketball becomes in motion if basketball is inert and XX tosses it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Hot grill becomes hot if hot grill is cold and XX touches hot grill.
Paperclips becomes untangled if paperclips is tangled and XX untangles paperclips.
Date stamp becomes inked if date stamp is not inked and XX inks date stamp.
Rose to a friend becomes the gift if rose to a friend is a purchase and XX presents rose to a friend.
Bicycle pump becomes used if bicycle pump is idle and XX uses bicycle pump.
People become fed if food to people is hungry and XX serves food to people.
The menu becomes read if the menu is unread and XX consults it.
The log becomes dry if the log is wet and XX dries it.
Tea becomes steeped if tea is dry and XX makes it.
The trumpet becomes audible if the trumpet is inaudible and XX hears it.
The cheeseburger becomes being eaten if the cheeseburger is prepared and XX serves it.
Software becomes installed if software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Glass of milk becomes empty if glass of milk is full and XX drinks glass of milk.
The garbage can becomes washed if the garbage can is unwashed and XX washes it.
Person asking the people to sit becomes done asking if people to sit is not done asking and XX asks people to sit.
Instructions become read if instructions are unread and XX follows them.
The hair dryer becomes off if the hair dryer is running and XX unplugs it.
Lion cage becomes avoided if lion cage is sought out and XX avoids lion cage.
Water becomes clean if water tap filter is dirty and XX replaces water tap filter.
The pipe becomes repaired if the pipe is broken and XX replaces it.
Bread becomes sliced bread if bread is whole loaf and XX slices it.
The cake becomes sliced if the cake is intact and XX serves it.
The child becomes stubbern if the child is angry and XX disciplines him.
The menu becomes revised if the menu is unrevised and XX revises it.
The tomato becomes eaten if the tomato is uneaten and XX eats it.
The easel becomes dry if the easel is wet and XX dries it.
The strainer becomes full if the strainer is empty and XX uses it.
Boots become shinny if boots are dusty and XX Polishes them.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
House coat becomes washed if house coat is unwashed and XX washes house coat.
Pair of shoes becomes used if pair of shoes is new and XX uses pair of shoes.
Curtains become high if curtains are low and XX raises them.
Headlines of the newspaper becomes known if headlines of the newspaper is unknown and XX reads headlines of the newspaper.
The comforter becomes folded if the comforter is unfolded and XX folds it.
The piano becomes making music if the piano is not used and XX plays it.
Diapers become clean if diapers are dirty and XX changes them.
Jar of peanut butter becomes closed if jar of peanut butter is open and XX closes jar of peanut butter.
Gas range becomes not being used if gas range when not in use is being used and XX turns off gas range when not in use.
The drivers license becomes the current if the drivers license is outdated and XX renews it.
Storage box becomes full if storage box is empty and XX fills storage box.
Blunt pencil becomes sharp if blunt pencil is dull and XX sharpens blunt pencil.
Jewelry chest becomes closed if jewelry chest for taking out jewelry is open and XX opens jewelry chest for taking out jewelry.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
Bathroom shower becomes wet if bathroom shower is dry and XX operates bathroom shower.
Important data becomes the safe if important data is unsafe and XX backs up important data.
The door becomes open if the doorknob is closed and XX pushes it.
Water sprinkler becomes used if water sprinkler is unused and XX installs water sprinkler.
The report becomes good if the report is bad and XX proofreads it.
Papers become possessed if papers are unattended and XX gathers them.
Bathmat becomes dry if bathmat is wet and XX dries bathmat.
Flowers become picked if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes being cleaned if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX loads dishes in dishwasher.
Center table becomes the set if center table is unmade and XX sets center table.
Conference table becomes full if conference table is empty and XX uses conference table.
The party becomes entertaining if the party is boring and XX throws it.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
Roulette wheel becomes the spinning if roulette wheel is still and XX spins roulette wheel.
The dishwasher becomes on if the dishwasher is off and XX STARTS it.
The reference book becomes in use if the reference book is not in use and XX consults it.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Mail becomes mailed if mail is unmailed and XX posts it.
The thread becomes tied if the thread is untied and XX ties it.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
The dining table becomes clean if the dining table is dirty and XX cleans it.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
Milk becomes hot if milk is cold and XX boils it.
The person becomes happy if the person is lonely and XX hugs him.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
The sleeping bag becomes used if the sleeping bag is empty and XX sleeps in it.
The pot becomes hot if the pot is cool and XX heats it.
Oil painting on the wall becomes dry if oil painting on the wall is wet and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
The lightbulb becomes tight if the lightbulb is loose and XX screws it.
The car becomes driven if the car is not driven and XX drives it.
The hand becomes waving if the hand is by side and XX waves it.
The computer game becomes used if the computer game is unused and XX plays it.
Child's toy becomes cleaned if child's toy is uncleaned and XX cleans child's toy.
The saucer becomes in your hands if the saucer is on the table and XX holds it.
The bowl becomes clean if the bowl is dirty and XX washes it.
The spill becomes cleaned up if spill with a paper towel is dirty and XX wipes spill with a paper towel.
The postage becomes used if the postage is unused and XX affixes it.
The pet becomes fed if the pet is hungry and XX feeds it.
The commode becomes unclogged if the commode is clogged and XX plunges it.
Cause of smoke becomes known if cause of smoke is unknown and XX investigates cause of smoke.
The reference book becomes usable if the reference book is used and XX consults it.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Desk fan becomes still if desk fan is running and XX shuts off desk fan.
The guitar becomes played if the guitar is unplayed and XX plays it.
The safe becomes locked if the safe is unlocked and XX locks it.
The tennis ball becomes used if the tennis ball is unused and XX uses it.
The briefcase becomes empty if the briefcase is packed and XX empties it.
The postage becomes being paid if the postage is not paid and XX pays it.
Important papers becomes printed if important papers is digital and XX prints out important papers.
Loaded gun from kids becomes safer if loaded gun from kids is unsafe and XX puts away loaded gun from kids.
Glasses of spectacles becomes new if glasses of spectacles is old and XX replaces glasses of spectacles.
Corn chips becomes eaten if corn chips is uneaten and XX eats corn chips.
Sheets become clean if sheets are dirty and XX cleans them.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
Spare tire becomes full if spare tire is the flat and XX inflates spare tire.
Bouncing ball becomes moving if bouncing ball is stationary and XX throws bouncing ball.
The spider web becomes inhabitable for the spider if the spider web is habitable and XX sweeps it.
Liquid from floor becomes clean if liquid from floor is drity and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Wrapped gift becomes wrapped if wrapped gift is unwrapped and XX delivers wrapped gift.
Bathroom sink becomes dirty if bathroom sink is clean and XX uses bathroom sink.
Musical instruments become heard if musical instruments are unheard and XX hears them.
Wax candle becomes burning if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
Pile of papers becomes thrown if pile of papers is unthrown and XX throws pile of papers.
The hair clip becomes tight if the hair clip is loose and XX tightens it.
Medicine from chemist becomes sold if medicine from chemist is for sale and XX buys medicine from chemist.
The bottom becomes repaired if pajama bottom is ripped and XX sews pajama bottom.
The receiver becomes on the phone if receiver back on the phone is in the hand and XX puts receiver back on the phone.
The tuxedo becomes dirty if the tuxedo is clean and XX wears it.
Vino becomes old if vino is young and XX ages vino.
The cigar becomes unlit if the cigar is lit and XX puts out it.
Dirty dishes becomes clean if dirty dishes is dirty and XX rinses dirty dishes.
The report becomes being a final copy if the report is being a rough draft and XX proofreads it.
The house becomes locked if the house is unlocked and XX locks it.
The tool becomes ready to use if the tool is in storage and XX retrieves it.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
The trash becomes emptied if the trash is full and XX empties it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
The page becomes printed if the page is unprinted and XX prints it.
Amount of sugar to be added becomes requested if amount of sugar to be added is unspecified and XX asks amount of sugar to be added.
The torch becomes switched on if the torch is swithed off and XX uses it.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
Teeth become clean if teeth are fuzzy and XX brushes them.
Pants before wearing becomes creased if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
Curling iron becomes cold if curling iron after use is hot and XX turns off curling iron after use.
The parcel becomes en route if the parcel is the static and XX mails it.
Bag of corn chips becomes empty if bag of corn chips is full and XX consumes bag of corn chips.
Box of cereal becomes opened if box of cereal is unopened and XX uses box of cereal.
Cowboy boots becomes clean if cowboy boots is dirty and XX cleans cowboy boots.
Bunch of flowers to someone becomes someone s if bunch of flowers to someone is mine and XX gives bunch of flowers to someone.
Water in pot becomes full if water in pot is empty and XX pours water in pot.
Party cake becomes the cut if party cake is whole and XX eats party cake.
The reclining chair becomes reclined if the reclining chair is upright and XX adjusts it.
Letter from mailbox becomes out of the box if letter from mailbox is in the box and XX takes out letter from mailbox.
Hiking boots become clean if hiking boots are dirty and XX cleans them.
The letter becomes posted if the letter is unposted and XX posts it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
The tub becomes spotless if the tub is filthy and XX scrubs it.
Stack of boxes becomes labeled if stack of boxes is unlabeled and XX labels stack of boxes.
The dishwasher becomes full if the dishwasher is empty and XX loads it.
The club becomes fun if the club is boring and XX swings it.
Wrist guard becomes on if wrist guard is off and XX uses wrist guard.
Portable scale becomes calibrated if portable scale is uncalibrated and XX calibrates portable scale.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
The trumpet becomes noisy if the trumpet is silent and XX blows it.
The table becomes covered if table cloth on the table is naked and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
The paintbrush becomes dry if the paintbrush is wet and XX dries it.
The blackboard becomes vacant if blackboard before use is written on and XX erases blackboard before use.
Ice cube tray becomes full if ice cube tray is empty and XX refills ice cube tray.
The paper becomes copied if the photocopy is original and XX makes it.
Pile of laundry becomes wrinkle-free if pile of laundry is wrinkled and XX irons pile of laundry.
The shirt becomes pressed if the shirt is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX replaces them.
The person becomes comforted if the person is sad and XX hugs him.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX loads it.
Slice of watermelon becomes in the stomach if slice of watermelon is on the plate and XX eats slice of watermelon.
The sack becomes full if the sack is empty and XX fills it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
The book becomes closed if the book is being read and XX puts away it.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
Hotel room becomes booked if hotel room is unbooked and XX reserves hotel room.
Gloves become in use if gloves are in storage and XX wears them.
Pajama bottom becomes worn by someone if pajama bottom is not worn and XX wears pajama bottom.
The dollar becomes spent if the dollar is saved and XX spends it.
The furniture becomes in place if the furniture is out of place and XX moves it.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The couch becomes mended if the couch is torn and XX repairs it.
The papaya becomes eaten if the papaya is uneaten and XX eats it.
The breath becomes fresh if mint after eating onion is smelly and XX eats mint after eating onion.
Piece of cheese becomes non-existant if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
Leather coat in winters becomes cold if leather coat in winters is warm and XX wears leather coat in winters.
The soccer ball becomes moving if the soccer ball is stationary and XX kicks it.
The floppy disk becomes ready to use if the floppy disk is unuseable and XX formats it.
Mail box becomes closed if mail box is open and XX closes mail box.
The garbage can becomes clean if the garbage can is dirty and XX washes it.
The back pack becomes full if the back pack is empty and XX loads it.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
Bottle cap becomes tight if bottle cap is loose and XX tightens bottle cap.
Curio cabinet becomes arranged if curio cabinet is disarranged and XX arranges curio cabinet.
Payment through credit card becomes paid if payment through credit card is unpaid and XX makes payment through credit card.
Frozen dinner becomes ready to eat if frozen dinner is uncooked and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
The suit becomes woren if the suit is new and XX wears it.
The bin becomes closed if the bin is open and XX closes it.
Videotape becomes previously watched if videotape is never been watched and XX watches videotape.
Cup of coffee becomes empty if cup of coffee is full and XX drinks cup of coffee.
Pair of speakers becomes working if pair of speakers is disconnected and XX uses pair of speakers.
The stuffed animal becomes dry if the stuffed animal is wet and XX dries it.
The cell phone becomes expensive if the cell phone is free and XX answers it.
Medicine from chemist becomes bought if medicine from chemist is not being bought and XX buys medicine from chemist.
The receptacle becomes empty if the receptacle is full and XX empties it.
The song becomes sung if the song is unsung and XX sings it.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
The valve becomes closed if the valve is open and XX tightens it.
The slide projector becomes clear if the slide projector is fuzzy and XX focuses it.
The safe becomes locked if the safe is unlocked and XX locks it.
Alcohol becomes undrunk if alcohol is the drunk and XX avoids it.
Clothes become hung if clothes are unhung and XX hangs them.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX cleans dirty clothes in laundry.
Wrist guard becomes tight if wrist guard is loose and XX tightens wrist guard.
Coat in hanger becomes hanged if coat in hanger is not hanged and XX hangs coat in hanger.
Bar of soap becomes being in hand if bar of soap is being on the wash basin and XX picks up bar of soap.
Hole puncher becomes empty if hole puncher is full and XX empties hole puncher.
Potted flower becomes wet soil if potted flower is dry soil and XX waters potted flower.
The vegetable becomes cooked if the vegetable is raw and XX cooks it.
Ear-ring becomes seen if ear-ring is not seen and XX wears ear-ring.
Hard hat becomes worn if hard hat is unworn and XX wears hard hat.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Eyes become closed if eyes are open and XX closes them.
The luggage becomes moving if the luggage is stationary and XX lifts it.
The luggage becomes in the air if the luggage is on the ground and XX lifts it.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is not recycled and XX recycles coke can.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
Nail file becomes sharp if nail file is dull and XX sharpens nail file.
Dodgeball becomes caught if dodgeball is thrown and XX catches dodgeball.
Shipping box becomes held if shipping box by lid is not held and XX holds shipping box by lid.
The child becomes entertained if the child is bored and XX entertains him.
Curio cabinet becomes cleaned up if curio cabinet is messy and XX arranges curio cabinet.
Pair of jeans becomes dirty if pair of jeans is clean and XX wears pair of jeans.
The shoe becomes shined if the shoe is unshined and XX shines it.
The person becomes entertained if the person is bored and XX entertains him.
Computer monitor becomes blank if computer monitor is displaying items and XX turns off computer monitor.
Pajama top with the pajama becomes dirty if pajama top with the pajama is clean and XX wears pajama top with the pajama.
Socks in drawer becomes gone if socks in drawer is there and XX keeps socks in drawer.
Pair of jeans becomes washed if pair of jeans is unwashed and XX washes pair of jeans.
Seat cushion becomes straight if seat cushion is crooked and XX straightens seat cushion.
Hot iron before it burns anything becomes off if hot iron before it burns anything is on and XX turns off hot iron before it burns anything.
The screw becomes tight if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
Soft-drink can becomes recycled if soft-drink can is used and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Sheets become clean if sheets are dirty and XX cleans them.
Painting becomes hung if painting is not hung and XX hangs it.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
External cd rom drive to the computer becomes connected if external cd rom drive to the computer is disconnected and XX connects external cd rom drive to the computer.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are drained and XX charges them.
Flower pot becomes watered if flower pot is dry and XX waters flower pot.
The screw becomes tight if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
Ink cartridge becomes full if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
Music system becomes powered on if music system is powered off and XX turns on music system.
Stainless steel sink becomes wet if stainless steel sink is dry and XX rinses stainless steel sink.
Shoes become unscuffed if shoes are scuffed and XX Polishes them.
Light fixture becomes dark if light fixture is burning and XX turns off light fixture.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Snacks become smaller piece if snacks are whole and XX eats them.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
The safe becomes locked and closed if money secure is open and XX keeps money secure.
The counter becomes dry if the counter is greasy and XX cleans it.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
The furniture becomes in place if the furniture is out of place and XX moves it.
Light becomes off if light is on and XX turns off it.
The garlic becomes eaten if the garlic is whole and XX consumes it.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX cleans it.
Fruits in refrigerator becomes cool if fruits in refrigerator is warm and XX puts fruits in refrigerator.
Baby changing table becomes immaculate if baby changing table is soiled and XX cleans baby changing table.
Stack of boxes becomes labled if stack of boxes is unlabled and XX labels stack of boxes.
The tie becomes ironed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
The bicycle becomes fixed if the bicycle is broken and XX repairs it.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
Tiles become replaced if tiles are unreplaced and XX replaces them.
Cheese becomes eaten if cheese is uneaten and XX eats it.
Seat cushion becomes mended if seat cushion is ripped and XX stitches seat cushion.
The stuffed animal becomes clean if the stuffed animal is dirty and XX washes it.
Lid on the carton becomes closed if lid on the carton is open and XX closes lid on the carton.
Dishes become organized if dishes are messy and XX arranges them.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
The table becomes covered if table cloth on the table is naked and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
Money becomes lost if money is had and XX spends it.
Dinner becomes served if dinner is not served and XX serves it.
Personal digital organizer becomes full battery if personal digital organizer is empty battery and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
The sickle becomes sharp if the sickle is dull and XX sharpens it.
The bat becomes in motion if the bat is inert and XX swings it.
Dodgeball becomes moving if dodgeball is motionless and XX kicks dodgeball.
Opponent with the ball becomes the hit if opponent with the ball is unhit and XX hits opponent with the ball.
Affected area becomes clean if affected area is dirty and XX washes affected area.
The crib becomes tidy if the crib is disorderly and XX tidies it.
The hair dryer becomes off if the hair dryer is running and XX unplugs it.
The bottle becomes open if bottle opener to open the bottle is sealed and XX uses bottle opener to open the bottle.
The coat becomes dry if the coat is wet and XX dries it.
The potato becomes cooked if the potato is raw and XX cooks it.
The cap becomes worn if the cap is unworn and XX wears it.
Food dish becomes neat if food dish is dirty and XX washes food dish.
The lobster becomes eaten if the lobster is uneaten and XX eats it.
The phone becomes charged if the phone is out of battery and XX recharges it.
Telephone cord becomes elongated if telephone cord is original length and XX extends telephone cord.
The birthday cake becomes gone if the birthday cake is whole and XX eats it.
The commode becomes clean if the commode is dirty and XX cleans it.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
Candles away from direct air becomes steady if candles away from direct air is flickering and XX keeps candles away from direct air.
Money becomes in the cash register if money is in the wallet and XX spends it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is unclean and XX cleans it.
The parent becomes respected if the parent is disrespected and XX respects him.
The password becomes new if the password is old and XX changes it.
The cell phone becomes being used if the cell phone is standby and XX uses it.
Network hub becomes on if network hub is off and XX restarts network hub.
The latch becomes closed if the latch is open and XX closes it.
Scrap in dustbin becomes being in dust bin if scrap in dustbin is not being in dust bin and XX throws scrap in dustbin.
Large group becomes bigger if large group is big and XX joins large group.
The town becomes empty if the town is filled and XX evacuates it.
The safe becomes secure if the safe is not secure and XX locks it.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes clean if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Dirty clothes becomes clean if dirty clothes is dirty and XX carries dirty clothes.
Bunch of tulips in flower vase becomes displayed if bunch of tulips in flower vase is out of sight and XX puts bunch of tulips in flower vase.
The fire brigade becomes called if the fire brigade is uncalled and XX calls it.
Light fixture becomes off if light fixture is on and XX turns off light fixture.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
Cherries into chocolate becomes heavy if cherries into chocolate is light and XX dips cherries into chocolate.
The bathtub becomes scrubbed if the bathtub is unscrubbed and XX scrubs it.
House coat becomes beautiful if house coat is ugly and XX washes house coat.
The flame becomes put out if the flame is burning and XX puts out it.
The stamp becomes wet if the stamp is dry and XX licks it.
Side chair becomes comfortable if side chair comfortable by placing a cushion is uncomfortable and XX makes side chair comfortable by placing a cushion.
Microwave timer becomes on if microwave timer is off and XX sets microwave timer.
Easter egg becomes multi-colored if easter egg is white and XX paints easter egg.
Paint tray becomes full if paint tray is empty and XX refills paint tray.
Coke in refrigerator becomes cold if coke in refrigerator is warm and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
Baby seat becomes dry if baby seat is wet and XX dries baby seat.
The cucumber becomes eaten if the cucumber is on plate and XX eats it.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
Flower pot becomes watered if flower pot is dry and XX waters flower pot.
Coke can becomes thrown away if coke can is handy and XX disposes coke can.
Cold drink fast becomes empty if cold drink fast is ful and XX drinks cold drink fast.
The hanger becomes straight if the hanger is crooked and XX straightens it.
Bottle opener to open the bottle becomes uncapped if bottle opener to open the bottle is capped and XX uses bottle opener to open the bottle.
The child becomes calm if the child is the upset and XX pacifies him.
Water becomes hot if water is cool and XX heats it.
Kitchen gas stove becomes lit if kitchen gas stove is extinguished and XX lights kitchen gas stove.
The pool table becomes leveled if the pool table is uneven and XX levels it.
Scattered clothes becomes folded if scattered clothes is being messy and XX folds scattered clothes.
Body's odour becomes the offensive if the garlic is normal and XX consumes it.
Piece of art becomes appreciated if piece of art is unappreciated and XX admires piece of art.
The antiseptic becomes adulterated if the antiseptic is sterile and XX applies it.
Teeth become brushed if teeth are being unbrushed and XX brushes them.
The plumber becomes hired if the plumber is not hired and XX calls him.
The ball becomes in motion if the ball is immobile and XX bounces it.
Book rack becomes organized if book rack is unorganized and XX organizes book rack.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The computer game becomes in use if the computer game is idle and XX plays it.
The berry becomes eaten if the berry is uneaten and XX eats it.
Boots become shinny if boots are dusty and XX Polishes them.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX vacuums it.
Money becomes gone if money is available and XX spends it.
Toilet roll becomes being in the home if toilet roll is being in the store and XX purchases toilet roll.
Piece of art becomes admired if piece of art is ignored and XX admires piece of art.
The friend becomes happy if the friend is sad and XX helps him.
The coke becomes solid if the coke is the fluid and XX refrigerates it.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
Gradebook becomes open if gradebook is closed and XX peruses gradebook.
The body spray becomes on one's skin if the body spray is in the bottle and XX applies it.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
The playroom becomes clean if the playroom is messy and XX cleans it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Sheets become folded if sheets are unfolded and XX folds them.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are whole and XX cuts them.
The racket becomes fixed if the racket is broken and XX strings it.
The orange becomes peeled if the orange is unpeeled and XX peels it.
Clothes line becomes usable if clothes line is uninstalled and XX installs clothes line.
Shoes become on thefeet if shoes are in the closet and XX wears them.
The birthday cake becomes none if the birthday cake is full and XX eats it.
The brass instrument becomes Polished if the brass instrument is tarnished and XX Polishes it.
Letter cart becomes avoided if letter cart is in the way and XX avoids letter cart.
The document becomes found if the document is lost and XX retrieves it.
Serving knife becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
The grinder becomes clean if the grinder is dirty and XX cleans it.
Clothes become worn if clothes are unworn and XX puts on them.
The teddy bear becomes warm if the teddy bear is cool and XX hugs it.
Apple Computer becomes on if it is off and XX uses it.
The junk becomes being there if the junk is being here and XX removes it.
Dishes become clean if dishes are dirty and XX does them.
Daiquiri glass becomes empty if daiquiri is full and XX drinks daiquiri.
Kitchen shelf becomes organized if kitchen shelf properly is cluttered and XX arranges kitchen shelf properly.
The voltage becomes consisten if electric voltage is erratic and XX regulates electric voltage.
Burnt out bulb becomes new if burnt out bulb is old and XX removes burnt out bulb.
The alphabet becomes taught if the alphabet is not taught and XX teaches it.
The battery becomes live if the battery is dead and XX replaces it.
Sticky tape becomes used if sticky tape is unused and XX applies sticky tape.
Dodgeball becomes still if dodgeball is moving and XX avoids dodgeball.
Satellite receiver becomes installed if satellite receiver is uninstalled and XX installs satellite receiver.
Pane of glass becomes clean if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
Salt becomes used if salt is unused and XX adds it.
The sleeping bag becomes being slept in if the sleeping bag is not being slept in and XX sleeps in it.
Mail becomes delivered if mail is undelivered and XX delivers it.
Pair of pants becomes straight if pair of pants is wrinkled and XX irons pair of pants.
The bib becomes tied if bib to baby's neck is untied and XX ties bib to baby's neck.
Dirty laundry becomes clean if dirty laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty laundry.
Paper for future reference becomes filed if paper for future reference is unfiled and XX files paper for future reference.
Frosted cake becomes being eaten if frosted cake is being uneaten and XX eats frosted cake.
The garbage can becomes washed if the garbage can is dirty and XX washes it.
Cable modem becomes rebooted if cable modem is frozen and XX reboots cable modem.
An object becomes being in a new place if an object is being in old place and XX moves an object.
Jam becomes in the person's stomach if jam is in the jar and XX consumes it.
Diaper area becomes clean if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Bakery shop becomes noisy if bakery shop is quiet and XX calls bakery shop.
Carpet protector becomes repaired if carpet protector is broken and XX fixes carpet protector.
The litterbox becomes emptied if the litterbox is unemptied and XX empties it.
The wrench becomes being used if the wrench is not being used and XX twists it.
Wet floor becomes dry if wet floor is wet and XX wipes wet floor.
The projector becomes used if the projector is new and XX uses it.
Appropriate temperature becomes cold if appropriate temperature is hot and XX sets appropriate temperature.
Alcohol becomes avoided if alcohol is consumed and XX avoids it.
Olives become devoured if olives are uneaten and XX eats them.
Clean dishes becomes put away if clean dishes is not put away and XX puts away clean dishes.
Song to listen becomes heard if song to listen is unheard and XX selects song to listen.
Pair of reading glasses becomes on the face if pair of reading glasses is on the table and XX puts on pair of reading glasses.
The deodorant becomes being on one if the deodorant is being in the container and XX applies it.
The tennis ball becomes used if the tennis ball is unused and XX uses it.
Kitchen range becomes on if kitchen range is off and XX turns on kitchen range.
The globe becomes known if the globe is unknown and XX examines it.
The humidifier becomes on if the humidifier is off and XX uses it.
The dress becomes worn if the dress is folded and XX wears it.
Sugar becomes the sweet if sugar is bland and XX adds it.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is crying and XX calms it.
Snap with camera becomes shut if snap with camera is open and XX takes snap with camera.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
The damper becomes close if the damper is open and XX closes it.
Teeth become clean if teeth are in need of brushing and XX scrubs them.
Bowl of fruit becomes filled with fruit if bowl of fruit is empty and XX refills bowl of fruit.
The floor mat becomes spotless if the floor mat is dirty and XX cleans it.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Door of the dishwasher becomes open if door of the dishwasher is closed and XX opens door of the dishwasher.
The document becomes scanned if important document is unscanned and XX scans important document.
Bulb of halogen desk lamp becomes usefull if bulb of halogen desk lamp is useless and XX replaces bulb of halogen desk lamp.
Corn chips becomes eaten if corn chips is whole and XX eats corn chips.
Soil from the floor becomes clean if soil from the floor is dirty and XX wipes soil from the floor.
The telephone becomes being used if the telephone is hung up and XX picks it.
Shaped drawn becomes acurate if the stencil is inacurate and XX uses it.
Winter coat becomes dry if winter coat is wet and XX hangs winter coat.
The bedsheet becomes clean if the bedsheet is soiled and XX washes it.
Creases become out if creases are in and XX irons out them.
Bar of soap becomes in the hand if bar of soap is out of hand and XX picks up bar of soap.
The alarm becomes silent if the alarm is ringing and XX turns off it.
The envelope becomes sealed if envelope using glue is unsealed and XX closes envelope using glue.
Air conditioning duct becomes fixed if air conditioning duct is broken and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
The choir becomes just enough members if the choir is not enough members and XX joins it.
Pills become taken if pills are untaken and XX takes them.
Seal of new batteries becomes broken if seal of new batteries is whole and XX opens seal of new batteries.
Milk becomes down the sink if milk is in a jug and XX discards it.
Kiwi fruit becomes eaten if kiwi fruit is new and XX eats kiwi fruit.
Sushi becomes in the stomach if sushi is on the plate and XX eats it.
The spider web becomes not present if the spider web is the present and XX removes it.
Gym bag to the gym becomes used if gym bag to the gym is unused and XX carries gym bag to the gym.
Stamp collection safely becomes the safe if stamp collection safely is unsafe and XX keeps stamp collection safely.
The hamburger becomes having a bite taken out of it if the hamburger is untouched and XX eats it.
The vegetable becomes eaten if the vegetable is uneaten and XX eats it.
Soda can becomes used if soda can is unused and XX uses soda can.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
The bunny becomes in the air if the bunny is on the floor and XX picks it.
Food becomes hot if food is cold and XX warms up it.
The leak becomes fixed if the leak is leaking and XX blocks it.
The sponge becomes dry if the sponge is wet and XX dries out it.
The song becomes known if the song is unknown and XX sings it.
The pickle becomes nibbled if the pickle is whole and XX tastes it.
Roses become admired if roses are ignored and XX smells them.
The briefcase becomes empty if the briefcase is partially full or completely full and XX empties it.
Bedspread becomes mended if bedspread is unmended and XX mends bedspread.
The recycling becomes outside if the recycling is in the house and XX takes out it.
Floor lamp becomes operated if floor lamp is unoperated and XX operates floor lamp.
The compactor becomes repaired if the compactor is broken and XX fixes it.
The report becomes done or complete if the report is undone or unfinshed and XX prepares it.
Food becomes spicy if spice to food is normal and XX adds spice to food.
The car becomes locked if the car is unlocked and XX locks it.
The shower becomes used if the shower is unused and XX gets into it.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
The sack becomes full if the sack is empty and XX fills it.
The newspaper becomes read if the newspaper is unread and XX reads it.
The shopping list becomes the week if the shopping list is the week and XX makes it.
Chess becomes being used if chess is idle and XX plays it.
The melon becomes eaten if the melon is uneaten and XX eats it.
Sandals become worn if sandals are unworn and XX wears them.
Frozen meat becomes defrosted if frozen meat is frozen and XX microwaves frozen meat.
The song becomes happy if the song is sad and XX enjoys it.
Baby food becomes prepared if baby food is unprepared and XX prepares baby food.
The drivers license becomes renewed if the drivers license is old and XX renews it.
Curtains become high if curtains are low and XX raises them.
The paper becomes thrown away if the paper is kept and XX disposes of it.
The leak becomes fixed if the leak is leaking and XX blocks it.
Pair of pants becomes worn if pair of pants is hanging and XX wears pair of pants.
Papers become tidy if papers into a stack is scattered and XX collects papers into a stack.
Names of visitors becomes recorded if names of visitors is unrecorded and XX records names of visitors.
Brown bag lunch becomes eaten if brown bag lunch is uneaten and XX eats brown bag lunch.
The presentation becomes scheduled if the presentation is unsceduled and XX schedules it.
Cleaning supplies becomes in the closet etc if cleaning supplies is on the floor etc and XX stores cleaning supplies.
Baby carseat becomes secured if baby carseat is unsecured and XX tightens baby carseat.
Scissors become put away if pair of scissors is out and XX puts away pair of scissors.
The phone becomes answered if the phone is ringing and XX answers it.
Clothes from washing machine becomes empty if clothes from washing machine is fill and XX takes out clothes from washing machine.
Greenbeans becomes cooked if greenbeans is raw and XX cooks greenbeans.
People become protected if people are unprotected and XX protects them.
The sword becomes picked up if the sword is set down and XX carries it.
The oil painting becomes on display if the oil painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
The flame becomes put out if the flame is flickering and XX puts out it.
The cheeseburger becomes eaten if the cheeseburger is whole and XX eats it.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Carpets become clean if carpets are dirty and XX vacuums them.
The folding chair becomes open if the folding chair is closed and XX pries open it.
Garbage bag becomes empty if garbage bag is full and XX removes garbage bag.
The postage becomes there if the postage is gone and XX affixes it.
Carpet protector becomes the flat if carpet protector is rolled and XX lays carpet protector.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
Sunglasses become being on the eyes if sunglasses are being on the dash of the car and XX wears them.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
The exercise becomes fun if the exercise is boring and XX does it.
Bowtie pasta becomes absent if bowtie pasta is the present and XX eats bowtie pasta.
The rope becomes knotted if the rope is straight and XX ties it.
The tool becomes sharp if the tool is blunt and XX sharpens it.
Spool of thread becomes rolled up if spool of thread is unravelled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The breath becomes fresh if mint after eating onion is smelly and XX eats mint after eating onion.
Pile of paper becomes neat if pile of paper is messy and XX arranges pile of paper.
Bottle of beer becomes cool if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
Dirt from door mat becomes in the garbage if dirt from door mat is on the mat and XX removes dirt from door mat.
Nails become trimmed if nails are long and XX cuts them.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
The cassette becomes playing if the cassette is stopped and XX plays it.
Bowl of strawberries becomes empty if bowl of strawberries is full and XX consumes bowl of strawberries.
Time becomes changed if time is unchanged and XX changes it.
Dishes become clean if dishes are unwashed and XX cleans them.
Candy bowl with candy becomes full if candy bowl with candy is empty and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
Microwave timer becomes being used if microwave timer is not being used and XX sets microwave timer.
Curtains become drawn if curtains are undrawn and XX draws them.
The musical instrument becomes tuned if the musical instrument is out of tune and XX tunes it.
The child becomes praised if the child is unpraised and XX praises him.
Broken necklace becomes repaired if broken necklace is broken and XX repairs broken necklace.
Satellite receiver becomes in use if satellite receiver is uninstalled and XX installs satellite receiver.
The document becomes important if important document is normal and XX preserves important document.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX kills it.
Hairbrush before using it becomes clean if hairbrush before using it is dirty and XX wipes hairbrush before using it.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
Scrap in dustbin becomes full if scrap in dustbin is empty and XX throws scrap in dustbin.
The pickle becomes eaten if the pickle is uneaten and XX eats it.
Reading lamp becomes dimmed if reading lamp is bright and XX dims reading lamp.
The page becomes xeroxed if the page is unxeroxed and XX xeroxes it.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
Shaving foam becomes mixed if shaving foam container is separated and XX shakes shaving foam container.
The hot dog becomes chewed if the hot dog is unchewed and XX eats it.
New diaper on the baby becomes new if new diaper on the baby is old and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
Pen cap becomes tight if pen cap is loose and XX tightens pen cap.
Work bench becomes the orderly if work bench is disorderly and XX arranges work bench.
The guest becomes the fine if glass of tea to guest is thirsty and XX offers glass of tea to guest.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX empties lint trap.
The sink becomes wet if the sink is dry and XX uses it.
Water tap filter becomes new if water tap filter is old and XX replaces water tap filter.
The drum becomes new if the drum is worn out and XX replaces it.
Money becomes spent if money is unspent and XX spends it.
The tooth becomes clean if the tooth is dirty and XX brushes it.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
Blocks become arranged if blocks are unarranged and XX arranges them.
The shoelace becomes untied if the shoelace is tied and XX opens it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes clean if dishes in dishwasher is unclean and XX puts dishes in dishwasher.
Printing cartridge becomes new if printing cartridge is old and XX changes printing cartridge.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes on if mower to mow the lawn is off and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
Video camera becomes the recording if video camera is not recording and XX uses video camera.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
The hanger becomes straight if the hanger is crooked and XX straightens it.
Candy bowl becomes filled if candy bowl with candy is empty and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
The voltage becomes consisten if electric voltage is erratic and XX regulates electric voltage.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Toy room becomes tidy if toy room is messy and XX arranges toy room.
Baby bottle becomes full if baby bottle is empty and XX fills baby bottle.
The presentation becomes prepared if the presentation is unprepared and XX prepares it.
The guitar becomes loud if the guitar is quiet and XX plays it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
The bulletin board becomes updated if the bulletin board is old and XX updates it.
Liquid from floor becomes gone if liquid from floor is spilled and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Doors of the car becomes shut if doors of the car is open and XX closes doors of the car.
Dog dish to dog becomes empty if dog dish to dog is full and XX feeds dog dish to dog.
The vegetable becomes washed if the vegetable is dirty and XX washes it.
The ball becomes caught if the ball is not caught and XX catches it.
The stamp pad becomes wet if the stamp pad is dry and XX wets it.
The trash becomes emptied if the trash is full and XX empties it.
The lace becomes knotted if the lace is dangling and XX ties it.
Bundle of yarn becomes organized if bundle of yarn is chaotic and XX untangles bundle of yarn.
The heating becomes on if the heating is off and XX turns on it.
The kitty becomes dry if the kitty is wet and XX dries it.
The network becomes usable if the network is broken and XX fixes it.
The trip becomes off if the trip is on and XX cancels it.
Source of water becomes off if source of water is on and XX turns off source of water.
Bottle of beer becomes empty if bottle of beer is full and XX drinks bottle of beer.
Coffee in coffee grinder becomes the powder if coffee in coffee grinder is solid and XX grinds coffee in coffee grinder.
The soda becomes served if the soda is unserved and XX serves it.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
The drivers license becomes valid if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
The business card becomes received if the business card is unreceived and XX receives it.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX cooks it.
Hoe in garage becomes in storage if hoe in garage is in use and XX stores hoe in garage.
Wrist guard becomes tight if wrist guard is loose and XX tightens wrist guard.
The coke becomes the drunk if the coke is undrunk and XX drinks it.
Fresh bed sheets becomes in use if fresh bed sheets is folded and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
Files become not accessible if files are accessible and XX archives them.
The cell phone becomes answered if the cell phone is unanswered and XX answers it.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
The torch becomes lit if the torch is unlit and XX uses it.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
Hair setting gel becomes on the hair if hair setting gel is in the bottle or jar and XX applies hair setting gel.
The can becomes recycled if the can is empty and XX recycles it.
Filet of fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
Easter egg becomes colorful if easter egg is white and XX paints easter egg.
Plants become wet if plants are dry and XX waters them.
The head becomes covered if bike helmet is uncovered and XX puts on bike helmet.
The burger becomes non-existent if the burger is existent and XX eats it.
Stuffed rabbit becomes clean if stuffed rabbit is dusty and XX dusts stuffed rabbit.
The reception desk becomes tidy if the reception desk is messy and XX cleans it.
The cream becomes applied if the cream is unapplied and XX applies it.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
The restaurant becomes budy if the restaurant is quiet and XX calls it.
The package becomes open if the package is sealed and XX opens it.
The bracelet becomes old if the bracelet is new and XX wears it.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX kills it.
Champagne glass becomes filled with champagne if champagne glass is empty and XX serves champagne glass.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is unturned and XX turns door handle.
Garbage bag in garbage can becomes getting out if garbage bag in garbage can is in garbage can and XX empties garbage bag in garbage can.
Power generator becomes on if power generator is off and XX deploys power generator.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
Flowers become dried if flowers are fresh and XX preserves them.
Connections become the check if connections are unchecked and XX checks them.
The gutter becomes unclogged if the gutter is clogged and XX cleans it.
The interior becomes designed if the interior is not desgined and XX designs it.
Fruits in bowl becomes eaten if fruits in bowl is not eaten and XX eats fruits in bowl.
The lid becomes off the jar if the lid is on the jar and XX unscrews it.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
Computer desk becomes clean if computer desk is messy and XX cleans computer desk.
The person becomes called if the person is uncalled and XX calls him.
Pallette to color the room becomes used if pallette to color the room is unused and XX uses pallette to color the room.
Piece of art in showcase becomes shown if piece of art in showcase is stored and XX displays piece of art in showcase.
Bowl of strawberries becomes empty if bowl of strawberries is full and XX consumes bowl of strawberries.
The wheel becomes moving if the wheel is still and XX spins it.
Relatives become invited if relatives are uninvited and XX invites them.
The rust becomes being unattached if the rust is from being attached to the metal and XX removes it.
Tv programme becomes watched if tv programme is unwatched and XX watches tv programme.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
The house becomes warm/hot if the house is cool/cold and XX warms up it.
The microphone becomes plugged in if the microphone is unplugged and XX plugs it.
The junk mail becomes in the trash if the junk mail is in the inbox and XX deletes it.
The log becomes ashes if the log is whole and XX burns it.
Dirty clothes becomes clean if dirty clothes is dirty and XX carries dirty clothes.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
Oil lamp becomes on if oil lamp is off and XX burns oil lamp.
Crushed soda can becomes trashed if crushed soda can is untrashed and XX dumps crushed soda can.
Favorite song becomes sung if favorite song is unsung and XX sings favorite song.
The table becomes covered if table cloth on the table is naked and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
Memo for future use becomes filed if memo for future use is unfiled and XX stores memo for future use.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The tub becomes filled if tub with water is empty and XX fills tub with water.
The person becomes served if piece of cake is unserved and XX serves piece of cake.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
The tool becomes retrieved if the tool is unretrived and XX retrieves it.
Eggs become broken if eggs are whole and XX cracks them.
Food becomes served if food is unserved and XX serves it.
The christmas tree becomes decorated if the christmas tree is undecorated and XX decorates it.
Can of beer becomes empty if can of beer is full and XX drinks can of beer.
Coffee becomes motion if coffee is in place and XX pours it.
Broken statue becomes damped if broken statue is broken and XX throws away broken statue.
The trunk becomes unloaded if groceries are full and XX unloads them.
Flowers become picked if flowers are undisturbed and XX plucks them.
Fresh bed sheets becomes used if fresh bed sheets is unused and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
The musical instrument becomes tuned if the musical instrument is untuned and XX tunes it.
Nails become short if nails are long and XX clips them.
The deodorant becomes being on one if the deodorant is being in the container and XX applies it.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The banana becomes ripe if the banana is unripe and XX ripens it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Boxing bag becomes tight if boxing bag is loose and XX tightens boxing bag.
The picture becomes reframed if the picture is framed and XX hangs it.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX empties it.
Ravioli before serving becomes cooked if ravioli before serving is uncooked and XX cooks ravioli before serving.
Vegetables become the cut if vegetables are whole and XX chops them.
The baton becomes Polished if the baton is dirty and XX Polishes it.
The sunscreen becomes invisible if the sunscreen is visible and XX applies it.
Red pepper becomes eaten if red pepper is uneaten and XX eats red pepper.
The image becomes sharp if projector on screen is blurry and XX focuses projector on screen.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
Dish detergent becomes used if dish detergent is away and XX adds dish detergent.
The power switch becomes on if the power switch is off and XX flips it.
The ring becomes being worn if the ring is being in a box and XX wears it.
The cheeseburger becomes warmer if the cheeseburger is the cooler and XX heats it.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
The page becomes on the paper if the page is in the computer and XX prints it.
Shaving foam becomes on your face if shaving foam is in the can and XX applies shaving foam.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The CD becomes playing if the CD is off and XX plays it.
Baby changing table becomes cleaned if baby changing table is dirty and XX cleans baby changing table.
Stamps become wet if stamps with glue is dry and XX sticks stamps with glue.
The body spray becomes on the person if the body spray is in the can and XX uses it.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
Grapes in refrigerator becomes bad if grapes in refrigerator is good and XX stores grapes in refrigerator.
The centerpiece becomes clean if the centerpiece is dusty and XX dusts it.
Bulb of halogen desk lamp becomes usefull if bulb of halogen desk lamp is useless and XX replaces bulb of halogen desk lamp.
The sink becomes full if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
Gloves become soiled if gloves are clean and XX wears them.
Coffee beans become the ground if coffee beans are whole and XX grinds them.
The memo becomes writen in if the memo is blank and XX writes it.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are uncut and XX chops them.
Greenbeans becomes cooked if greenbeans is raw and XX cooks greenbeans.
The Rich waiter becomes Rich if the waiter is poor and XX tips him.
Shutter of the camera to take photograph becomes open if shutter of the camera to take photograph is closed and XX opens shutter of the camera to take photograph.
Broken glass becomes collected if broken glass is scattered and XX sweeps broken glass.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
The tape becomes in the hand if the tape is in the player and XX ejects it.
The battery becomes live if the battery is dead and XX replaces it.
Entertainment center becomes used if entertainment center is unused and XX enjoys entertainment center.
The tub becomes full if the tub is empty and XX fills it.
Socks in drawer becomes gone if socks in drawer is there and XX keeps socks in drawer.
The sack becomes full if the sack is empty and XX fills it.
The injury becomes healthy if injury using antiseptic is infected and XX cleans injury using antiseptic.
The person becomes slightly more relaxed if the trip is stressed and XX goes on it.
Sink with water becomes filled if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
Bottle of shampoo becomes used if bottle of shampoo is new and XX uses bottle of shampoo.
Bedsheets become smooth if bedsheets are wrinkled and XX irons them.
Bottle cap becomes tight if bottle cap is loose and XX tightens bottle cap.
The blackboard becomes blank if the blackboard is filled and XX wipes it.
The cracker becomes eaten if the cracker is uneaten and XX eats it.
The cockroach becomes dead if anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach is alive and XX uses anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach.
Clothes become folded if clothes are messy and XX folds them.
Drum head becomes vibrating if the drum is stationary and XX plays it.
Bathroom shower becomes neat if bathroom shower is cluttered and XX clears bathroom shower.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX fills conditioner bottle.
Fake flower becomes clean if fake flower is dusty and XX dusts fake flower.
Folder to pick out papers becomes empty if folder to pick out papers is full and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
Person's telephone number becomes dialed if person's telephone number is undialed and XX dials person's telephone number.
Curtains become drawn if curtains are undrawn and XX draws them.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are unchopped and XX chops them.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
The pool table becomes clean if pool table in game room is dirty and XX cleans pool table in game room.
The magazine becomes read if the magazine is unread and XX reads it.
Garbage bag in garbage can becomes empty if garbage bag in garbage can is filled and XX empties garbage bag in garbage can.
The report becomes accurate if the report is full of mistakes and XX proofreads it.
The kitchen table becomes cleared if the kitchen table is cluttered and XX clears it.
The closet becomes full if shirts in the closet is empty and XX hangs shirts in the closet.
Salad becomes eaten if salad is uneaten and XX eats it.
Next page becomes read if next page is unread and XX reads next page.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX disposes it.
Pair of pants becomes more ironed if pair of pants is less ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
Juicer becomes clean if juicer is dirty and XX washes juicer.
The lipstick becomes removed if the lipstick is applied and XX removes it.
Eyes become protected if sunglasses are bare and XX wears them.
The tuxedo becomes clean if the tuxedo is dirty and XX dry-cleans it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Papers become clipped if papers are loose and XX clips them.
The letter becomes sent if the letter is unmailed and XX posts it.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is not arranged and XX arranges stack of paper.
The picture becomes hung if the picture is unhung and XX hangs it.
The blouse becomes repaired if the blouse is torn and XX stitches it.
The dispenser becomes full if the dispenser is empty and XX refills it.
The lightbulb becomes out of the socket if the lightbulb is in the socket and XX changes it.
Rollerskate becomes dirty if rollerskate is clean and XX wears rollerskate.
The plant becomes paid attention to if the plant is neglected and XX takes care of it.
Eggs become cracked if eggs are not cracked and XX cracks them.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
The glass becomes clean if the glass is dirty and XX washes it.
Valuables become the safe if valuables are vulnerable and XX guards them.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is on the plate and XX eats it.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Crushed can becomes out of the way if crushed can is in the way and XX removes crushed can.
The safe becomes locked if the safe is unlocked and XX locks it.
The kitty becomes somewhat calmer if the kitty is agitated and XX dries it.
The child becomes calm if the child is excited and XX calms him.
The bowl becomes empty if fruits in bowl is full and XX eats fruits in bowl.
Projection screen becomes ready if projection screen is stored and XX unrolls projection screen.
Sandals become worn if sandals are unworn and XX wears them.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX hugs him.
Pearl necklace becomes worn if pearl necklace is unworn and XX wears pearl necklace.
Footboard height becomes lower if footboard height is higher and XX decreases footboard height.
Grades become high if grades are low and XX improves them.
The soccer ball becomes used if the soccer ball is unused and XX kicks it.
Glass of water becomes emptying if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
The memo becomes delivered if the memo is pre-sent and XX sends it.
Bottle of mustard becomes closed if bottle of mustard is open and XX closes bottle of mustard.
Halogen desk lamp becomes on if halogen desk lamp is off and XX turns on halogen desk lamp.
The key becomes fixed if the key is broken and XX replaces it.
The bungee cord becomes stort if the bungee cord is long and XX shortens it.
The gift becomes well packaged if gift with sheet of paper is loose and XX packs gift with sheet of paper.
The volume becomes normal if the volume is loud and XX adjusts it.
Fish back in the water becomes in if fish back in the water is out and XX puts fish back in the water.
The trip becomes not scheduled if the trip is scheduled and XX cancels it.
Handtruck becomes in use if handtruck is unused and XX uses handtruck.
Computer monitor becomes off if computer monitor is on and XX turns off computer monitor.
The child becomes full if the child is hungry and XX feeds him.
The door becomes closed if the latch is open and XX closes it.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
Washbasin becomes clean if washbasin is dirty and XX wipes washbasin.
Spaghetti becomes soft if spaghetti is hard and XX cooks it.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Christmas cookie becomes consumed if christmas cookie is unconsumed and XX eats christmas cookie.
Child's seat becomes adjusted if child's seat is unadjusted and XX adjusts child's seat.
Can of corn becomes eaten if can of corn is existing and XX consumes can of corn.
Binoculars become in focus if binoculars are unfocused and XX focuses them.
The ledger becomes the right if the ledger is wrong and XX corrects it.
The key becomes new if the key is old and XX replaces it.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
The sink becomes fixed if the sink is broken and XX repairs it.
Lint screen becomes clear if lint screen is clogged and XX empties lint screen.
The clip becomes tight if the clip is loose and XX tightens it.
The car becomes used if the car is new and XX drives it.
The song becomes good if the song is bad and XX teaches it.
The door becomes unlocked if the door is locked and XX unlocks it.
Blinds become closed if blinds are open and XX closes them.
Potted plant becomes damp soil if potted plant is dry soil and XX waters potted plant.
The report becomes good if the report is bad and XX proofreads it.
Boxes become full if boxes are empty and XX fills them.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
The personal computer becomes new if the personal computer is old and XX upgrades it.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
Recycle bin becomes bare if recycle bin is full and XX empties recycle bin.
Medicines become owned if medicines are needed and XX purchases them.
The hand becomes moving if the hand is stationary and XX waves it.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
The birthday becomes enjoyed if the birthday is forgotten and XX celebrates it.
The log becomes rolling if the log is stationary and XX rolls it.
Laundry softener becomes full if laundry softener is empty and XX refills laundry softener.
The mug becomes full if the mug is empty and XX fills it.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is on the plate and XX eats it.
The call becomes answered if the call is unanswered and XX answers it.
Bottle of ketchup becomes full if bottle of ketchup is empty and XX fills bottle of ketchup.
The wall becomes colorful if the wall is bland and XX repaints it.
Red pepper becomes eaten if red pepper is not eaten and XX eats red pepper.
Dying battery becomes discarded if dying battery is undiscarded and XX discards dying battery.
The place becomes straightened up if the place is untidy and XX cleans it.
Cooked food becomes provided if cooked food is not available and XX provides cooked food.
The trumpet becomes heard if the trumpet is unheard and XX hears it.
Glass of water becomes empty if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
The musical instrument becomes noisy if the musical instrument is quiet and XX plays it.
Pile of paper becomes organized (to some extent) if pile of paper is scattered and XX gathers pile of paper.
The bagel becomes the mouth if the bagel is the hand and XX eats it.
The basin becomes wet if the basin is dry and XX uses it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
The lamp becomes dim if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
The fire extinguisher becomes filled if the fire extinguisher is empty and XX refills it.
The nest becomes protected if the nest is unprotected and XX protects it.
Pint of beer becomes empty if pint of beer is full and XX drinks pint of beer.
Boots become clean if boots are dirty and XX Polishes them.
The fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
Dozen eggs becomes eaten if dozen eggs is prepared and XX serves dozen eggs.
The tray becomes carried if the tray is unused and XX picks up it.
The kite becomes high if the kite is low and XX flies it.
Trade magazine becomes read if trade magazine is unread and XX reads trade magazine.
The Internet becomes connected if it is unconnected and XX accesses it.
The report becomes edited if the report is written and XX proofreads it.
Pile of dirt becomes unscattered if pile of dirt is scattered and XX sweeps pile of dirt.
The cloth becomes mended if the cloth is torn and XX sews it.
The cat becomes full if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
Indoor plants becomes wet if indoor plants is dry and XX waters indoor plants.
Bathroom shower becomes closed if bathroom shower is open and XX closes bathroom shower.
Face mask while playing with children becomes worn if face mask while playing with children is unworn and XX wears face mask while playing with children.
Jewelry chest becomes closed if jewelry chest is open and XX closes jewelry chest.
Dog biscuit to the pet dog becomes gone if dog biscuit to the pet dog is there and XX feeds dog biscuit to the pet dog.
Ice cubes become melted if ice cubes around the beverage is frozen and XX puts ice cubes around the beverage.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX throws it.
Glass of beer becomes the flat if glass of beer in refrigerator is carbonated and XX keeps glass of beer in refrigerator.
Pile of laundry becomes smooth if pile of laundry is crumpled and XX irons pile of laundry.
The baby becomes found if the baby is lost and XX finds him.
Circuit breaker panel becomes open if circuit breaker panel is closed and XX checks circuit breaker panel.
Important data becomes needed and retrieved if important data is ignored and XX retrieves important data.
The telephone number becomes in use if the telephone number is not in use and XX dials it.
Babies highchair becomes higher if babies highchair is low and XX adjusts babies highchair.
Noise level low becomes quiet if noise level low is loud and XX keeps noise level low.
The tennis ball becomes used if the tennis ball is new and XX uses it.
The voltage becomes consisten if electric voltage is erratic and XX regulates electric voltage.
Window sill becomes clean if window sill is dirty and XX wipes window sill.
The croissant becomes eaten if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
Money in locker becomes the safe if money in locker is unsafe and XX stores money in locker.
The lemon becomes depleted if the lemon is full of juice and XX squeezes it.
Batteries become full if batteries are empty and XX charges them.
The power switch becomes on if the power switch is off and XX turns on it.
The antenna becomes moved if the antenna is not moved and XX moves it.
Network hub becomes on if network hub is off and XX restarts network hub.
The disk becomes cleared if the disk is filled and XX formats it.
Dirty laundry becomes clean if dirty laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty laundry.
The tank becomes full if the tank is empty and XX fills it.
Organizing bin becomes organized if organizing bin is unorganized and XX arranges organizing bin.
The stamp pad becomes wet if the stamp pad is dry and XX wets it.
Plant pot becomes adequate if plant pot is too small and XX replaces plant pot.
Trash bag becomes closed if trash bag is open and XX ties trash bag.
The soccer ball becomes still if soccer ball with feet is moving and XX stops soccer ball with feet.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Rain coat becomes worn if rain coat is not worn and XX puts on rain coat.
Box of pills becomes partially or fully filled if box of pills is empty or partially filled and XX fills box of pills.
The luggage becomes in movement if the luggage is sitting still and XX drags it.
The safe becomes locked and closed if money secure is open and XX keeps money secure.
Leftover food becomes eaten if leftover food is on  the plate and XX finishes leftover food.
Kitchen range becomes hot if kitchen range is cold and XX turns on kitchen range.
The table becomes covered if table cloth on the table is naked and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
The room becomes empty if insect out of the room is bugged and XX gets insect out of the room.
The presentation becomes made if the presentation is an idea and XX prepares it.
The cassette becomes playing if the cassette is stopped and XX plays it.
Earth globe becomes discovered if earth globe is unknown and XX studies earth globe.
Loaf of bread becomes the mouth if loaf of bread is the hand and XX eats loaf of bread.
Stationary bike becomes ridden if stationary bike is idle and XX rides stationary bike.
The bride becomes admired if the bride is unadmired and XX admires her.
The gate becomes kept closed if gate closed is unkept closed and XX keeps gate closed.
The alarm becomes tripeed if the alarm is idle and XX triggers it.
The note becomes read if the note is unread and XX reads it.
Daiquiri becomes cool if daiquiri is warm and XX chills daiquiri.
Babies highchair becomes short if babies highchair is tall and XX adjusts babies highchair.
Piece of cheese becomes eaten if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
The picture becomes reframed if the picture is framed and XX hangs it.
The patient becomes comforted if the patient is afraid and in pain and XX takes care of him.
The wedding dress becomes used if the wedding dress is new and XX wears it.
The orange juice becomes inside you if the orange juice is outside of you and XX drinks it.
Wood becomes dry if wood is wet and XX dries it.
Nails become trimmed if nails are long and XX cuts them.
The problem becomes facile if the problem is perplexing and XX solves it.
The kitchen becomes having no bacteria if the kitchen is having bacteria and XX disinfects it.
The note becomes read if the note is written and XX reads it.
The lipstick becomes on the kleenex if the lipstick is on the lip and XX removes it.
First aid box with medicines becomes full if first aid box with medicines is empty and XX fills first aid box with medicines.
Belt of  treadmill becomes adjusted if belt of  treadmill is unadjusted and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
Paper for future reference becomes in a file if paper for future reference is ready to use and XX files paper for future reference.
Greenbeans becomes cooked if greenbeans is raw and XX cooks greenbeans.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dusty and XX dusts it.
The safe becomes locked if the safe is unlocked and XX locks it.
Meat into the grinder becomes grinded if meat into the grinder is not grinded and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Elastic band becomes long if elastic band is short and XX stretches elastic band.
Wall calendar becomes new if wall calendar is old and XX replaces wall calendar.
The craft becomes known if the craft is unknown and XX learns it.
Clothes become hung if clothes are unhung and XX hangs them.
Socks become worn if pair of socks is unworn and XX wears pair of socks.
Antiseptic on bitten area becomes feeling better if antiseptic on bitten area is hurting and XX applies antiseptic on bitten area.
The table becomes full if the table is empty and XX sets it.
Ac becomes on if ac is off and XX turns off ac.
The skirt becomes worn if the skirt is unused and XX wears it.
Chocolate pudding becomes in my stomach if chocolate pudding is in a cup and XX eats chocolate pudding.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
The armchair becomes new if the armchair is old and XX replaces it.
Food becomes interesting taste if the seasoning is dull and unflavored and XX uses it.
Frozen dinner becomes ready to eat if frozen dinner is uncooked and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
The bag becomes closed if the bag is open and XX ties it.
The bath becomes drawn if the bathtub is empty and XX fills it.
Post-it notes on the wall becomes on the wall if post-it notes on the wall is on the pad and XX sticks post-it notes on the wall.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
Bottle of shampoo becomes empty if bottle of shampoo is full and XX uses bottle of shampoo.
Ear-ring becomes taken off if ear-ring is worn and XX wears ear-ring.
The knife becomes used if the knife is unused and XX handles it.
Sandals become on one's feet if sandals are on the ground and XX wears them.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
The child becomes calm if the child is hyper and XX calms him.
Nut shell with hammer becomes broken if nut shell with hammer is whole and XX breaks nut shell with hammer.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
Sealing tape becomes used if sealing tape is unused and XX applies sealing tape.
Piece of clothing becomes mended if piece of clothing is torn and XX stitches piece of clothing.
Ice box becomes full if ice box is empty and XX fills ice box.
Fan switch becomes on if fan switch is off and XX turns on fan switch.
Basketball before starting game becomes inflated if basketball before starting game is the flat and XX inflates basketball before starting game.
Ball of string becomes messy if ball of string is neat and XX unrolls ball of string.
The shoe becomes not worn if the shoe is worn and XX removes it.
The computer becomes used if the computer is idle and XX uses it.
Dishes become picked if dishes are not being picked and XX picks up them.
Rice becomes soft if rice is hard and XX cooks it.
The document becomes the bound if the document is loose and XX binds it.
The drum becomes new if the drum is old and XX replaces it.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
Dishes become in the dishwasher if dishes in dishwasher is out of the dishwasher and XX puts dishes in dishwasher.
The mask becomes used if the mask is unused and XX wears it.
Rules become followed if rules are ignored and XX follows them.
Garbage bin becomes closed if garbage bin is open and XX closes garbage bin.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
Medicines become sold if medicines are purchaseable and XX purchases them.
Mail box becomes close if mail box is open and XX closes mail box.
Glasswares in the cupboard becomes secure if glasswares in the cupboard is loose and XX keeps glasswares in the cupboard.
Roll of film becomes chemically developed if roll of film is raw and XX develops roll of film.
Glass of water becomes empty if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
Hole puncher becomes empty if hole puncher is full and XX empties hole puncher.
The torch becomes used if the torch is unused and XX uses it.
Food processor after use becomes clean if food processor after use is dirty and XX cleans food processor after use.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX cleans them.
The bedsheet becomes wet if the bedsheet is dry and XX washes it.
Bandaid becomes off if bandaid is on and XX peels off bandaid.
Doors of the car becomes shut if doors of the car is open and XX closes doors of the car.
Potted plant becomes watered if potted plant is not watered and XX waters potted plant.
Sheets become folded if sheets are unfolded and XX folds them.
The bee becomes squished if the bee is stinging and XX kills it.
The charger becomes not plugged if charger when finished is plugged and XX unplugs charger when finished.
Torn clothes becomes mended if torn clothes is torn and XX sews torn clothes.
The receptacle becomes empty if the receptacle is full and XX empties it.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
The letter becomes sent if the letter is unposted and XX posts it.
Tanning lotion becomes applied if tanning lotion is unapplied and XX applies tanning lotion.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is spotted and XX wipes off it.
The guitar becomes touched if the guitar is not touched and XX plays it.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX cleans them.
Shipping box becomes torn if shipping box by lid is whole and XX holds shipping box by lid.
Coffee filter becomes fresh if coffee filter is used and XX changes coffee filter.
The shoe becomes shined if the shoe is scuffed and XX shines it.
The yours dirt becomes yours if the dirt is not yours and XX collects it.
The craft becomes existent if the craft is nonexistent and XX makes it.
The amplifier becomes quiet if the amplifier is loud and XX turns down it.
The baby becomes soothed if diaper rash cream on the baby is irritated and XX applies diaper rash cream on the baby.
The cocktail becomes drunken if the cocktail is undrunken and XX drinks it.
Computer display becomes brighter if computer display is dimmer and XX brightens computer display.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
The shirt becomes ironed if the shirt is unironed and XX irons it.
The cell phone becomes charged if the cell phone is uncharged and XX charges it.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
Garbage bin becomes closed if garbage bin is open and XX closes garbage bin.
Sticky note becomes read if sticky note is unread and XX reads sticky note.
The furniture becomes in place if the furniture is out of place and XX moves it.
Pant suit becomes clean if pant suit is dirty and XX washes pant suit.
The paintbrush becomes dry if the paintbrush is wet and XX dries it.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
The telephone becomes used if the telephone is unused and XX picks it.
The hand becomes waved if the hand is unwaved and XX waves it.
Piece of bread becomes chewed if piece of bread is whole and XX eats piece of bread.
Pair of gloves becomes warm if pair of gloves is cold and XX wears pair of gloves.
Children become calm if children are the upset and XX calms them.
Oil lamp becomes lit if oil lamp is not lit and XX burns oil lamp.
Baby bottle becomes full if baby bottle is empty and XX fills baby bottle.
The antenna becomes effective if the antenna is not effective and XX adjusts it.
Party cake becomes eaten if party cake is uneaten and XX eats party cake.
Raincoat in closet becomes in the closet if raincoat in closet is on the person and XX hangs raincoat in closet.
Piece of clothing becomes clean if piece of clothing is unclean and XX washes piece of clothing.
The lobster becomes cooked if the lobster is raw and XX cooks it.
The tube becomes empty if the tube is full and XX squeezes it.
Bunch of roses in vase becomes arranged if bunch of roses in vase is unarranged and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
The safety belt becomes buckled if the safety belt is unbuckled and XX wears it.
The kitten becomes quiet if the kitten is noisy and XX feeds it.
Tablet pc becomes charged if tablet pc is uncharged and XX charges tablet pc.
Lacquer from floor becomes clean if lacquer from floor is dirty and XX cleans lacquer from floor.
The yarn becomes had if the yarn is mesy and XX gathers it.
Gas in car becomes filled if gas in car is not filled and XX fills gas in car.
Fluids become gone if fluids are there and XX drinks them.
The pencil becomes sharp if pencil with sharpner is dull and XX sharpens pencil with sharpner.
The bee becomes released if the bee is captured and XX lets out it.
The dessert becomes empty if the dessert is untocuhed and XX eats it.
Circuit breaker panel becomes checked if circuit breaker panel is unchecked and XX checks circuit breaker panel.
The tricycle becomes oiled if the tricycle is not oiled and XX oils it.
The omelette becomes digested if the omelette is whole and XX eats it.
Piece of cheese becomes eaten if piece of cheese is uneaten and XX eats piece of cheese.
The house becomes guarded if the house is unguarded and XX guards it.
Gas becomes flled if gas is untilled and XX fills it.
The detergent becomes used if the detergent is being unused and XX uses it.
Collar on dog becomes tied if collar on dog is untied and XX ties collar on dog.
Microwave timer becomes on if microwave timer is off and XX sets microwave timer.
The door becomes opened if door of car is closed and XX opens door of car.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are not assembled and XX assembles them.
Pencil lead becomes sharp if pencil lead is dull and XX sharpens pencil lead.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The berry becomes being consumed if the berry is being whole and XX eats it.
Soil from the floor becomes clean if soil from the floor is dirty and XX wipes soil from the floor.
Bag of money becomes guarded if bag of money is unguarded and XX safeguards bag of money.
Soft-drink can becomes scrap aluminum if soft-drink can is a can and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Coffee becomes served if coffee to person is unserved and XX serves coffee to person.
Doors become locked if doors are unlocked and XX locks them.
The blackboard becomes usable if the blackboard is unusable and XX wipes it.
Movie dvd becomes clean if movie dvd is dirty and XX cleans movie dvd.
Lawn chair before sitting becomes clean if lawn chair before sitting is dirty and XX dusts lawn chair before sitting.
The glass becomes full if the glass is empty and XX fills it.
Blocks become picked up if blocks are not picked up and XX picks up them.
Tube of toothpaste becomes empty if tube of toothpaste is full and XX squeezes tube of toothpaste.
Trash bag becomes unused if trash bag is used and XX carries trash bag.
The switch becomes off if the switch is on and XX turns off it.
The garbage can becomes empty if the garbage can is full and XX empties it.
An infant becomes the child if an infant is the infant and XX picks an infant.
Meat becomes the ground if meat into the grinder is whole and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
Bedsheet on the bed becomes already spread if bedsheet on the bed is not spread yet and XX spreads bedsheet on the bed.
The picture becomes scanned if the picture is unscanned and XX scans it.
Dinner becomes made if dinner is unmade and XX makes it.
The sandwich becomes eaten if the sandwich is not eaten and XX eats it.
The log becomes ashes if the log is wood and XX burns it.
Coffee becomes in the tummy if coffee is in the cup and XX drinks it.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dirty and XX dusts it.
Pizza becomes eaten if pizza is uneatern and XX eats it.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
The baby becomes mellow if baby calm is agitated and XX makes baby calm.
Folder to pick out papers becomes open if folder to pick out papers is closed and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
Wedge of cheese becomes in the tummy if wedge of cheese is existing and XX eats wedge of cheese.
The commode becomes flushed if the commode is unflushed and XX flushes it.
Children become full if children are hungry and XX feeds them.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Photo reel becomes developed if photo reel is undeveloped and XX develops photo reel.
Alcohol becomes not consumed if alcohol is purchased and XX avoids it.
Crushed pop can becomes in the trash if crushed pop can is not trashed and XX throws away crushed pop can.
The clock becomes late if the clock is on time and XX rewinds it.
Money becomes in the cash register if money is in the wallet and XX spends it.
The alphabet becomes learned if the alphabet is unknown and XX teaches it.
The house plant becomes wet if the house plant is dry and XX waters it.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
Framed picture on wall becomes leveled if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
Discman becomes on if discman to stereo is off and XX connects discman to stereo.
The latch becomes locked if the latch is unlocked and XX closes it.
Photo reel becomes developed if photo reel is undeveloped and XX develops photo reel.
The sink becomes full if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
The garlic becomes the energy if the garlic is food and XX consumes it.
Gloves become worn if gloves are unworn and XX wears them.
The floppy disk becomes cleaned if the floppy disk is used and XX formats it.
Keys become found if keys are lost and XX finds them.
The nail becomes hammered in if the nail is unused and XX hammers it.
Aparatus becomes examined if aparatus is being unexamined and XX examines aparatus.
Flour container with flour becomes filled if flour container with flour is empty and XX fills flour container with flour.
The junk mail becomes in the deleted folder if the junk mail is in the inbox and XX deletes it.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
Weight bench becomes becoming right height if weight bench is not being right height and XX adjusts weight bench.
Lighting becomes increased if lighting is normal and XX increases it.
Water tap filter becomes replaced if water tap filter is unreplaced and XX replaces water tap filter.
The xerox copy becomes repaired if the xerox copy is in need of repair and XX makes it.
The magic marker becomes discarded if the magic marker is available and XX throws away it.
Coat peg becomes set up properly if coat peg is not set up and XX puts up coat peg.
Pasta becomes soft if pasta is hard and XX cooks it.
Plush animal becomes stroked if plush animal is not stroked and XX strokes plush animal.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
Serving spoons becomes dirty if serving spoons is clean and XX uses serving spoons.
Cabinets become locked if cabinets are unlocked and XX locks them.
The drink becomes the minimum if cold drink fast is maximum and XX drinks cold drink fast.
The letter becomes posted if the letter is unposted and XX posts it.
Modem connection becomes checked if modem connection is unchecked and XX checks modem connection.
The valve becomes tight if the valve is loose and XX tightens it.
Children become full if children are hungry and XX feeds them.
Frozen meat becomes defrosted if frozen meat is frozen and XX microwaves frozen meat.
The cocktail becomes existing if the cocktail is nonexistent and XX mixes it.
Metal chain becomes lubricated if metal chain is dry and XX lubricates metal chain.
Oil lamp becomes warm if oil lamp is cold and XX burns oil lamp.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The hutch becomes unlocked if the hutch is locked and XX unlocks it.
The baby becomes found if the baby is lost and XX finds him.
The network becomes rebooting if the network is online and XX restarts it.
The wound becomes cleansed if the wound is uncleansed and XX cleanses it.
The clock becomes the right if the clock is wrong and XX adjusts it.
Pastry becomes the energy if pastry is food and XX eats it.
The houseplant becomes wet if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
The safety belt becomes used if the safety belt is not used and XX wears it.
Gym bag becomes at the gym if gym bag to the gym is at home and XX carries gym bag to the gym.
Computer display becomes bright if computer display is dim and XX brightens computer display.
Chocolate becomes hard if chocolate is soft and XX cools it.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is unopened and XX opens it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Reading glasses become being used if reading glasses are unused and XX uses them.
The network becomes working if the network is down and XX fixes it.
The bedpan becomes emptied if the bedpan is filled and XX empties it.
Toys in children room becomes organized if toys in children room is scattered and XX arranges toys in children room.
Dust-pan becomes clean if dust-pan is unclean and XX cleans dust-pan.
Source of water becomes off if source of water is on and XX turns off source of water.
Steam cooker from cooking gas becomes off the stove if steam cooker from cooking gas is on the stove and XX removes steam cooker from cooking gas.
Gallon of milk in refrigerator becomes stored if gallon of milk in refrigerator is out and XX stores gallon of milk in refrigerator.
Books in shelf becomes full if books in shelf is empty and XX keeps books in shelf.
Sound of the wind chime becomes noisy if sound of the wind chime is silent and XX enjoys sound of the wind chime.
Bike helmet becomes the state if bike helmet is the state and XX puts on bike helmet.
The match becomes watched if the match is unwatched and XX watches it.
The light bulb becomes bright if the light bulb is not bright and XX replaces it.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is open and XX screws lid on the jar.
Grapes in refrigerator becomes cool if grapes in refrigerator is warm and XX stores grapes in refrigerator.
The postage becomes being paid if the postage is not paid and XX pays it.
The knife becomes put away if the knife is there and XX puts away it.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
The diaper rash becomes soothed if diaper rash cream on the baby is irritated and XX applies diaper rash cream on the baby.
Nail clipper becomes clean if nail clipper is dirty and XX cleans nail clipper.
Post-it notes on the wall becomes on the wall if post-it notes on the wall is on the pad and XX sticks post-it notes on the wall.
The fuse becomes checked if the fuse is unchecked and XX checks it.
The hotdog becomes eaten if the hotdog is untouched and XX eats it.
The film becomes developed if roll of film is undeveloped and XX develops roll of film.
Reading desk becomes clean if reading desk is messy and XX tidies reading desk.
Hoe in garage becomes in storage if hoe in garage is in use and XX stores hoe in garage.
Important document becomes scanned if important document is unscanned and XX scans important document.
The burner becomes off if the burner is on and XX turns off it.
Coke can becomes squished if coke can is intact and XX crushes coke can.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The boiled egg becomes boiled if the boiled egg is fresh and XX eats it.
Cartoons become watched if cartoons are unwatched and XX enjoys them.
The whiskey becomes in one's system if the whisky is in the bottle and XX drinks it.
The laundry becomes clean if the laundry is dirty and XX does it.
Crushed soda can becomes trashed if crushed soda can is untrashed and XX dumps crushed soda can.
Bussiness card becomes stored if bussiness card is unstored and XX stores bussiness card.
Curtains become closed if curtains are open and XX closes them.
The skylight becomes installed if the skylight is unstalled and XX installs it.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
Notebook battery becomes charged if notebook battery is discharged and XX recharges notebook battery.
The kitchen sink becomes empty if the kitchen sink is full and XX empties it.
First aid box becomes retrieved if first aid box is stored and XX takes out first aid box.
Chocolate becomes eaten if chocolate is uneaten and XX consumes it.
The toothpaste becomes out of the tube if the toothpaste is in the tube and XX squeezes it.
The interior becomes decorated if the interior is the plain and XX designs it.
The parcel becomes sent if the parcel is unsent and XX sends it.
Coke can becomes the trash if coke can is useful and XX disposes coke can.
The sprinkler becomes off if the sprinkler is on and XX turns off it.
Pair of pajamas becomes worn if pair of pajamas is unworn and XX wears pair of pajamas.
The cookie becomes discarded if the cookie is available and XX throws away it.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Safety pads becomes on if safety pads is off and XX wears safety pads.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX mops it.
One's hunger becomes low if bunch of grapes is high and XX eats bunch of grapes.
Firealarm becomes ready if firealarm is off and XX programs firealarm.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
Lead becomes live if lead is dead and XX connects it.
Print cartridge becomes refurbished if print cartridge is new and XX recycles print cartridge.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
The mop becomes useful if the mop is unuseful and XX wets it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
The flute becomes used if the flute is unused and XX plays it.
The pollen becomes not bothering the person if the pollen is bothering the person and XX avoids it.
Bottle of wine becomes open if bottle of wine is closed and XX opens bottle of wine.
The bee becomes dead if the bee is alive and XX kills it.
The toothbrush becomes replaced if the toothbrush is discarded and XX replaces it.
Plush animal becomes used if plush animal is new and XX strokes plush animal.
The pea becomes cooked if the pea is uncooked and XX boils it.
The baton becomes Polished if the baton is dirty and XX Polishes it.
The platter becomes clean if platter before use is dirty and XX washes platter before use.
Duplicate key becomes double if duplicate key is the single and XX gets duplicate key.
The trash can becomes empty if trash from the trash can is full and XX throws trash from the trash can.
Piece of cheese becomes non-existant if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
The basin becomes cleaned if the basin is dirty and XX washes it.
The seat belt becomes secured if the seat belt is unsecured and XX fastens it.
Breaker switch becomes closed if breaker switch is open and XX resets breaker switch.
The notebook becomes made if the notebook is unmade and XX makes it.
Beer becomes drank if beer is stored and XX drinks it.
Broken frame becomes discarded if broken frame is kept and XX discards broken frame.
The flock becomes gathered if the flock is ungathered and XX gathers it.
Tape cassette becomes rewound if tape cassette is unwound and XX rewinds tape cassette.
The door becomes open if the door is closed and XX opens it.
Serving spoons becomes used if serving spoons is unused and XX uses serving spoons.
The lacquer becomes mopped up if lacquer from floor is spilled and XX cleans lacquer from floor.
Flowers become dying if flowers are alive and XX plucks them.
The potato becomes cut into cubes if the potato is whole and XX cuts it.
Citronella candle becomes lit if citronella candle is unlit and XX lights citronella candle.
The text becomes the present if the text is absent and XX writes it.
Pair of goggles becomes used if pair of goggles is new and XX wears pair of goggles.
Bedside lamp becomes dim if bedside lamp is bright and XX dims bedside lamp.
Bedsheet on the bed becomes already spread if bedsheet on the bed is not spread yet and XX spreads bedsheet on the bed.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
The bike becomes moving if the bike is idle and XX rides it.
Presents become appreciated if presents are not appreciated and XX appreciates them.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
Broken necklace becomes repaired if broken necklace is broken and XX repairs broken necklace.
Reading lamp on the reading table becomes lit if reading lamp on the reading table is dark and XX places reading lamp on the reading table.
Nail cutter becomes blades shut if nail cutter gently is blades open and XX presses nail cutter gently.
Electrical appliances becomes off if electrical appliances is on and XX turns off electrical appliances.
Carpet protector becomes on the carpet if carpet protector is in a can and XX applies carpet protector.
Pair of glasses becomes new if pair of glasses is old and XX replaces pair of glasses.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is open and XX screws lid on the jar.
The commode becomes dirty if the commode is clean and XX uses it.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
The cat becomes full if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
The floor becomes vacuumed if the floor is not vacuumed and XX vacuums it.
The butterfly becomes observed if the butterfly is unobserved and XX watches it.
Plants become watered if plants are dry and XX waters them.
The berry becomes eaten if the berry is uneaten and XX eats it.
Milk becomes sitting out if milk is refrigerated and XX takes out it.
The screw becomes tight if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
Paper roll becomes rolled up if paper roll is unrolled and XX rolls paper roll.
Bike helmet becomes worn if bike helmet is not worn and XX puts on bike helmet.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
Charger when finished becomes being unplugged if charger when finished is being plugged in and XX unplugs charger when finished.
The newspaper becomes in the trash if the newspaper is on the floor and XX picks it.
The room becomes light if curtains are dark and XX opens them.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
Bowl of soup on dinner table becomes empty if bowl of soup on dinner table is full of soup and XX serves bowl of soup on dinner table.
The raincoat becomes dry if the raincoat is wet and XX dries it.
Boxes to pack things becomes filled if boxes to pack things is empty and XX uses boxes to pack things.
Exerciser becomes in use if exerciser is idle and XX uses exerciser.
Burlap sack becomes discarded if burlap sack is available and XX throws away burlap sack.
The kite becomes high if the kite is low and XX flies it.
Security tape becomes pasted if security tape is not pasted and XX pastes security tape.
Flower pot becomes wet if flower pot is dry and XX waters flower pot.
Old bulb becomes ready to throw away if old bulb is installed and XX unscrews old bulb.
Eggs become cracked if eggs are not cracked and XX cracks them.
Coke in refrigerator becomes cold if coke in refrigerator is warm and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
The jacket becomes used if the jacket is unused and XX puts on it.
Diaper pail becomes clean if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
Night lamp becomes being on if night lamp is being off and XX uses night lamp.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is in the trash and XX recycles coke can.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is not arranged and XX arranges stack of paper.
Ball of string becomes messy if ball of string is neat and XX unrolls ball of string.
The shirt becomes dirty if the shirt is clean and XX wears it.
The head becomes protected if safety helmet is unprotected and XX wears safety helmet.
The litter becomes clean if kitty litter is dirty and XX cleans kitty litter.
Milk becomes cold if milk is warm and XX refrigerates it.
Halogen desk lamp becomes unused if halogen desk lamp is used and XX turns on halogen desk lamp.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
The mixing bowl becomes clean if the mixing bowl is dirty and XX cleans it.
Eyeglasses become on my face if eyeglasses are off and XX wears them.
Feeding bottle becomes clean if feeding bottle is dirty and XX cleans feeding bottle.
The friend becomes helped if the friend is not helped and XX helps him.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Plates become used if plates are unused and XX sets them.
The lobster becomes not existing if the lobster is existing and XX eats it.
The antenna becomes being in another position if the antenna is being in one position and XX moves it.
Eggs become broken if eggs are whole and XX cracks them.
The pin becomes tightened if the pin is loose and XX tightens it.
Computer display becomes bright if computer display is dim and XX brightens computer display.
Gingerbread cookies becomes eaten if gingerbread cookies is whole and XX eats gingerbread cookies.
The screen becomes shut if the screen is open and XX closes it.
The toy becomes hidden if the toy is available and XX hides it.
The helmet becomes on the head if the helmet is unworn and XX wears it.
Electric can opener away from kids becomes the safe if electric can opener away from kids is unsafe and XX keeps electric can opener away from kids.
The dustbin becomes empty if the dustbin is full and XX empties it.
Table cloth on the table becomes being used if table cloth on the table is being folded up and XX places table cloth on the table.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is unconnected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
The string becomes the compression if the string is the tension and XX cuts it.
The body becomes scrubbed if the body is grimed and XX washes it.
Piece of paper becomes the safe if piece of paper is unsafe and XX safeguards piece of paper.
The task becomes simple if the task is the complex and XX simplifies it.
The gown becomes dirty if the gown is clean and XX wears it.
The infant becomes happy if the infant is bored and XX entertains him.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX fills conditioner bottle.
Invitations become send if invitations are unsent and XX sends out them.
The plant becomes cared for if the plant is uncared for and XX takes care of it.
The rifle becomes loaded if the rifle is not loaded and XX loads it.
Gingerbread cookies becomes inside a stomach if gingerbread cookies is existing and XX eats gingerbread cookies.
The letter becomes mailable if the letter is unmailable and XX stamps it.
Seal of new batteries becomes open if seal of new batteries is closed and XX opens seal of new batteries.
The song becomes sung if the song is unsung and XX sings it.
The plumber becomes on duty if the plumber is off duty and XX calls him.
Beer becomes served if beer is in a tap and XX serves it.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes given if bunch of roses to someone is not given and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
Halogen desk lamp becomes bright if halogen desk lamp is off and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
The paper becomes copied if the paper is uncopied and XX photocopies it.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
Bunch of roses in vase becomes put if bunch of roses in vase is not put and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
The rug becomes cleaner if area rug is dirty and XX vacuums area rug.
Portions become the bulk if food in bulk is single use and XX buys food in bulk.
Drain plug becomes open if drain plug is closed and XX opens drain plug.
The berry becomes eaten if the berry is uneaten and XX eats it.
The trash bin becomes occupied if banana peel in the trash bin is empty and XX disposes banana peel in the trash bin.
Lights become off if lights are on and XX turns off them.
The goblet becomes clean if the goblet is dirty and XX cleans it.
Wine bottle becomes removed if wine bottle is stored and XX removes wine bottle.
The present becomes opened if the present is new and XX unwraps it.
Presents become recieved if presents are given and XX appreciates them.
The freezer becomes defrosted if the freezer is frozen and XX defrosts it.
Body's odour becomes the offensive if the garlic is normal and XX consumes it.
Copying machine becomes filled if copying machine is empty and XX refills copying machine.
Trade magazine becomes read if trade magazine is unread and XX reads trade magazine.
Recycle bin becomes empty if recycle bin is full and XX empties recycle bin.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX cleans pile of laundry.
Pencil with sharpner becomes sharp if pencil with sharpner is dull and XX sharpens pencil with sharpner.
Cartoons become watched if cartoons are unwatched and XX enjoys them.
Jam jar before serving becomes open if jam jar before serving is closed and XX opens jam jar before serving.
The damper becomes close if the damper is open and XX closes it.
Glass of milk becomes empty if glass of milk is full and XX drinks glass of milk.
Stuffed rabbit becomes clean if stuffed rabbit is dusty and XX dusts stuffed rabbit.
Drivers license renewed becomes renewed if drivers license renewed is expired and XX gets drivers license renewed.
The muffin becomes all gone if the muffin is available and XX eats it.
Food becomes ready to eat if food is unprepared and XX prepares it.
Calender becomes new if calender is old and XX replaces calender.
Three piece suit becomes ironed if three piece suit is unironed and XX irons three piece suit.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
The tree becomes pruned if the tree is overgrown and XX trims it.
The phonograph becomes on if the phonograph is off and XX hears it.
Lead of pencil becomes used if lead of pencil is unused and XX checks lead of pencil.
The telephone book becomes updated if the telephone book is outdated and XX updates it.
Nightsuit becomes used if nightsuit is new and XX wears nightsuit.
The telephone becomes ringing if the telephone is unused and XX hears it.
The toothpaste becomes out of tube if the toothpaste is in tube and XX squashes it.
Curtains become high if curtains are low and XX raises them.
Sheets become folded if sheets are unfolded and XX folds them.
Bike lock becomes locked if bike lock is unlocked and XX locks bike lock.
The bottle becomes recycled if the bottle is unrecycle and XX recycles it.
The cream becomes the face if the cream is the hand and XX applies it.
Booster chair becomes occupied if booster chair is empty and XX uses booster chair.
The meal becomes prepared if the meal is unprepared and XX prepares it.
Food becomes eaten if food to people is uneaten and XX serves food to people.
The infant becomes calm if the infant is the misery and XX comforts him.
Dishes become on the table if dishes are in the cupboard and XX sets them.
Goggles in sunny weather becomes dark if goggles in sunny weather is clear and XX wears goggles in sunny weather.
Feet become clean if feet are dirty and XX washes them.
Ice becomes crushed if ice is uncrushed and XX crushes it.
The sleeping bag becomes being slept in if the sleeping bag is not being slept in and XX sleeps in it.
Stack of paper becomes neatly stacked if stack of paper is messy and XX arranges stack of paper.
Framed picture on wall becomes hung if framed picture on wall is unhung and XX hangs framed picture on wall.
Dishes become clean if dishes are soiled and XX cleans them.
Basket ball becomes down if basket ball is up and XX bounces basket ball.
The brass instrument becomes Polished if the brass instrument is tarnished and XX Polishes it.
The glass becomes clean if the glass is dirty and XX washes it.
Fluids become having been drunk if fluids are not drunk and XX drinks them.
Important document becomes protected if important document is unprotected and XX preserves important document.
The playroom becomes neat if the playroom is messy and XX cleans it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
Sealing tape becomes applied if sealing tape is unapplied and XX applies sealing tape.
Tube of toothpaste becomes in the trash if tube of toothpaste is on the counter and XX discards tube of toothpaste.
Dodgeball becomes moving if dodgeball is not moving and XX kicks dodgeball.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
Paint tray becomes full if paint tray is empty and XX refills paint tray.
The butterfly becomes landed on flower if the butterfly is in flight and XX watches it.
The person becomes talkative if the person is quiet and XX telephones him.
Ice cube tray becomes in the refigerator if ice cube tray in refrigerator is out of the refigerator and XX places ice cube tray in refrigerator.
Saxaphone becomes played if saxaphone is unplayed and XX plays saxaphone.
Pie crust becomes eaten if pie crust is uneaten and XX eats pie crust.
The back pack becomes heavy if the back pack is light and XX loads it.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The calendar becomes new if the calendar is old and XX replaces it.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
Trash bag becomes outside if the trash is in the house and XX takes out it.
The trash becomes thrown if trash from the trash can is in the trash can and XX throws trash from the trash can.
The wheel becomes moving if the wheel is stationary and XX spins it.
French fries become food if french fries are intangible and XX eats them.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
The trunk becomes locked if the trunk is open and XX locks it.
Tv programme becomes watched if tv programme is unwatched and XX watches tv programme.
The child becomes smiling if the child is crying and XX calms him.
The ball becomes settling if the ball is bouncing and XX bounces it.
An infant becomes full if an infant is hungry and XX feeds an infant.
Children become full if children are hungry and XX feeds them.
The towel becomes wet if the towel is dry and XX uses it.
Ambulence becomes driving if ambulence is at the hospital and XX calls ambulence.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
Chocolate becomes consumed if chocolate is unconsumed and XX consumes it.
Tiki god mask becomes colored if tiki god mask is the plain and XX colors tiki god mask.
The floppy disk becomes cleaned if the floppy disk is used and XX formats it.
Flowers become plucked if flowers are planted and XX plucks them.
Recycle bin becomes empty if recycle bin is full and XX empties recycle bin.
The bed becomes made if the bed is unmade and XX makes it.
The diary becomes purchased if the diary is for sale and XX buys it.
Doors become locked if doors are open and XX locks them.
Jug of milk becomes covered if jug of milk is open and XX covers jug of milk.
Doors become closed if doors of the car is open and XX closes doors of the car.
Curtains become open if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
The shirt becomes worn if the shirt is folded and XX wears it.
Broken glass becomes swept if broken glass is unswept and XX sweeps broken glass.
Screen door becomes shut if screen door is open and XX closes screen door.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
The tyre becomes inflated if the tyre is uninflated and XX inflates it.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
Pajama bottom becomes worn if pajama bottom is not worn and XX wears pajama bottom.
Paper roll becomes empty if paper roll is full and XX rolls paper roll.
Hoe in garage becomes stored if hoe in garage is unstored and XX stores hoe in garage.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
Kitty litter becomes absent if kitty litter is the present and XX throws kitty litter.
The screw becomes tight if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
Cough syrup becomes in one's mouth if cough syrup is in the bottle and XX takes cough syrup.
The postage becomes being paid if the postage is not paid and XX pays it.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is unpaid and XX pays him.
Block of swiss cheese becomes gone if block of swiss cheese is ther and XX eats block of swiss cheese.
Burlap sack becomes in the trash if burlap sack is not in the trash and XX throws away burlap sack.
Pickled cucumber becomes eaten if pickled cucumber is whole and XX eats pickled cucumber.
String of pearls becomes on if string of pearls is off and XX wears string of pearls.
The carrot becomes eaten if the carrot is uneaten and XX eats it.
The shower becomes occupied if the shower is empty and XX gets into it.
Cherries into chocolate becomes dipped if cherries into chocolate is undipped and XX dips cherries into chocolate.
Printing cartridge becomes newer if printing cartridge is older and XX changes printing cartridge.
Pen cap becomes tight if pen cap is loose and XX tightens pen cap.
The person becomes relaxed if back massager is stressed and XX uses back massager.
Windows become unlocked if windows are locked and XX secures them.
Coffee becomes palatable if sugar in coffee is bitter and XX puts sugar in coffee.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
The house becomes unoccupied if the house is occupied and XX leaves it.
The shoelace becomes loose if the shoelace is tight and XX opens it.
The chimney becomes clean if the chimney is filled with soot and XX cleans it.
The kleenex becomes thrown away if the kleenex is held and XX throws away it.
Salad becomes eaten if salad is uneaten and XX eats it.
Email becomes received if email is sent and XX receives it.
The memo becomes written if the memo is unwritten and XX writes it.
The battery becomes live if the battery is dead and XX replaces it.
Copying machine becomes on if copying machine before use is off and XX turns on copying machine before use.
The bed becomes neat if the bed is unmade and XX makes it.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is trashed and XX recycles coke can.
The drain becomes unplugged if drain plug is plugged and XX opens drain plug.
Bottle cap becomes tight if bottle cap is loose and XX tightens bottle cap.
Bathroom shower becomes operated if bathroom shower is not operated and XX operates bathroom shower.
The person becomes talkative if the person is quiet and XX telephones him.
Boxing bag becomes positioned correctly if boxing bag is drooping and XX tightens boxing bag.
The puncture becomes repaired if the puncture is not repaired and XX repairs it.
Fireplace in cold weather becomes hot if fireplace in cold weather is cold and XX lights fireplace in cold weather.
Vegetables on the chopping block becomes sliced if vegetables on the chopping block is whole and XX cuts vegetables on the chopping block.
Bottle of mustard becomes closed if bottle of mustard is open and XX closes bottle of mustard.
Straw basket becomes purchased if straw basket is for sale and XX buys straw basket.
Mail becomes checked if mail is uninspected and XX checks it.
Bread becomes toasted if toasted bread is untoasted and XX makes toasted bread.
The skirt becomes worn if the skirt is unworn and XX wears it.
The package becomes opened if the package is unopened and XX opens it.
Dodgeball becomes stationary if dodgeball is moving and XX catches dodgeball.
The drink becomes chilled if the drink is room temperature and XX chills it.
The waffle becomes eaten if the waffle is uneaten and XX eats it.
The tool becomes found if the tool is lost and XX retrieves it.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
Clothes line becomes full if clothes line is empty and XX installs clothes line.
Drain plug becomes open if drain plug is closed and XX opens drain plug.
Milk carton becomes empty if milk carton is full and XX consumes milk carton.
Important document becomes on the computer if important document is on paper and XX scans important document.
Garbage bin becomes empty if garbage bin is full and XX empties garbage bin.
The bedsheet becomes clean if the bedsheet is dirty and XX washes it.
Scissors become put away if pair of scissors is out and XX puts away pair of scissors.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
The newspaper becomes picked if the newspaper is unpicked and XX picks it.
Scattered clothes for washing becomes collected if scattered clothes for washing is scattered and XX gathers scattered clothes for washing.
The tyre becomes inflated if the tyre is the flat and XX inflates it.
The coat becomes not put away if coat from coat closet is put away and XX takes out coat from coat closet.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is not paid and XX pays him.
Identity of the visitor becomes known if identity of the visitor is the secret and XX asks identity of the visitor.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
The number becomes dialed if the number is not dialed and XX dials it.
Box of detergent becomes used if box of detergent is unused and XX uses box of detergent.
Bottle of window cleaner becomes full if bottle of window cleaner is empty and XX refills bottle of window cleaner.
Foods become disposed of if foods are available and XX disposes of them.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is infected and XX cleanses it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX washes it.
Pair of steel toed boots becomes used if pair of steel toed boots is not used and XX wears pair of steel toed boots.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX shampoos it.
The toilet becomes flushed if the toilet is unflushed and XX flushes it.
Washbasin with disinfectant becomes sterilized if washbasin with disinfectant is dirty and XX cleans washbasin with disinfectant.
Papers in paper tray becomes full if papers in paper tray is empty and XX keeps papers in paper tray.
The bedsheet becomes off the bed if the bedsheet is on the bed and XX removes it.
The comforter becomes used if the comforter is unused and XX uses it.
Pair of pants in the closet becomes hung if pair of pants in the closet is unhung and XX hangs pair of pants in the closet.
The floor becomes vacuumed if the floor is dirty and XX vacuums it.
Software becomes installed if software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
The modem becomes installed if the modem is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Windows with curtains becomes covered if windows with curtains is uncovered and XX covers windows with curtains.
Phone bill becomes checked if phone bill is unchecked and XX checks phone bill.
Range if not in use becomes off if range if not in use is on and XX turns off range if not in use.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
The package becomes opened if the package is unopened and XX opens it.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
New diaper on the baby becomes on if new diaper on the baby is off and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
Mint after eating onion becomes eaten if mint after eating onion is unopened and XX eats mint after eating onion.
Bowtie pasta becomes on plate if bowtie pasta is in serving bowl and XX enjoys bowtie pasta.
The cake becomes partial if the cake is complete and XX serves it.
Travel brochure becomes seen if travel brochure is unseen and XX sees travel brochure.
Floppy becomes put away if floppy is not put away and XX puts away floppy.
The switch becomes off if the switch is on and XX turns off it.
Razors blade becomes being replaced if razors blade is not being replaced and XX replaces razors blade.
Roses become being smelled if roses are as is and XX smells them.
Height of baby chair becomes high if height of baby chair is low and XX adjusts height of baby chair.
Tube of toothpaste becomes used if tube of toothpaste is unused and XX uses tube of toothpaste.
Mechanical pencil becomes full if mechanical pencil is empty and XX refills mechanical pencil.
The report becomes accurate if the report is full of mistakes and XX proofreads it.
Money becomes in the cash register if money is in the wallet and XX spends it.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
Plates become arranged if plates are disorganized and XX arranges them.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
Pencil lead becomes sharp if pencil lead is blunt and XX sharpens pencil lead.
Painting becomes the still life if flower bouquet in drawing room is conceptual and XX keeps flower bouquet in drawing room.
The page becomes having a copy and an original if the page is being the only copy and XX xeroxes it.
The refrigerator becomes used if the refrigerator is unused and XX uses it.
Roll of film for processing becomes printed if roll of film for processing is rolled and XX gives roll of film for processing.
The safe becomes locked and closed if money secure is open and XX keeps money secure.
Bathroom cabinet becomes clean if bathroom cabinet is dirty and XX cleans bathroom cabinet.
The theft becomes known if the theft is unknown and XX reports it.
Dirty clothes becomes in the arms if dirty clothes is on the floor and XX picks dirty clothes.
Cherries into chocolate becomes chocolate covered if cherries into chocolate is the plain and XX dips cherries into chocolate.
Blank cd becomes loaded if blank cd is unloaded and XX loads blank cd.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
Blocks become organized if blocks are disorgaized and XX arranges them.
Bottle of soda in refrigerator becomes inside the refridgerator if bottle of soda in refrigerator is outside and XX places bottle of soda in refrigerator.
Teddy bear to child becomes used if teddy bear to child is unused and XX gives teddy bear to child.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
The latch becomes closed if the latch is open and XX closes it.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
Shirts in the closet becomes hung if shirts in the closet is loose and XX hangs shirts in the closet.
Correct destination address becomes written if correct destination address is not written and XX writes correct destination address.
Scissors become put away if pair of scissors is being used and XX puts away pair of scissors.
The jug becomes empty if the jug is full and XX empties it.
Seal of new batteries becomes open if seal of new batteries is closed and XX opens seal of new batteries.
The ball becomes being in a hand if the ball is being on the ground and XX picks up it.
The bedsheet becomes dirty if the bedsheet is clean and XX uses it.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes ready to wear if dirty clothes in laundry is begrimed and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Chocolate pudding becomes done if chocolate pudding is making and XX prepares chocolate pudding.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
Socks become worn if socks are unworn and XX wears them.
Computer monitor becomes dark if computer monitor is lit and XX turns off computer monitor.
The patient becomes reassured if the patient is nervous and XX reassures him.
The text becomes the present if the text is absent and XX writes it.
The counter becomes dry if the counter is greasy and XX cleans it.
The orange juice becomes made if the orange juice is unmade and XX makes it.
Sugar becomes in the coffee if sugar in coffee is out of the coffee and XX puts sugar in coffee.
The flame becomes ignited if the flame is unlit and XX lights it.
Cereal becomes eaten if cereal is in the box and XX eats it.
The seasoning becomes added if the seasoning is unadded and XX adds it.
Grass becomes short if grass is long and XX mows it.
The bunny becomes scareed if the bunny is OK and XX picks it.
The musical instrument becomes being played if the musical instrument is not being played and XX plays it.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
The cookie becomes gone if the cookie is here and XX disposes of it.
Curtains become high if curtains are low and XX raises them.
Teeth become brushed if teeth are unbrushed and XX brushes them.
Network hub becomes in use if network hub is dormant and XX uses network hub.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX cleans lint trap.
The microphone becomes plugged if the microphone is unplugged and XX plugs it.
The present becomes unwrapped if the present is wrapped and XX unwraps it.
The berry becomes eaten if the berry is uneaten and XX eats it.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX unloads it.
Files become backed up if files are not backed up and XX backs up them.
The report becomes completed if the report is unwritten and XX prepares it.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
The tire becomes mended if puncture of bicycle is punctured and XX mends puncture of bicycle.
Drapes become closed if drapes are open and XX closes them.
Dirty laundry becomes clean if dirty laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty laundry.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
Bike helmet becomes the state if bike helmet is the state and XX puts on bike helmet.
Computer monitor becomes dark if computer monitor is lit and XX turns off computer monitor.
The notebook becomes the page if the notebook is the page and XX makes it.
Belt of  treadmill becomes adjusted if belt of  treadmill is unadjusted and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
Door at night becomes locked if door at night is unlocked and XX locks door at night.
Door bell button becomes the bell if door bell button is the door and XX pushes door bell button.
Lint trap becomes free of lint if lint trap is full of lint and XX empties lint trap.
Glass of water becomes consumed if glass of water is unconsumed and XX drinks glass of water.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
The interior becomes decorated if the interior is the plain and XX designs it.
The necklace becomes purchased if the necklace is for sale and XX buys it.
The scrambled egg becomes eaten if the scrambled egg is uneaten and XX eats it.
The job becomes working if the job is working and XX performs it.
Pearl necklace in locker becomes the safe if pearl necklace in locker is unsafe and XX keeps pearl necklace in locker.
Frozen dinner becomes ready to eat if frozen dinner is uncooked and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
Light becomes on if light is off and XX turns off it.
Bottle of beer becomes cold if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
Valuables become secure if valuables at safer place is insecure and XX stores valuables at safer place.
Ream of paper becomes used if ream of paper is unused and XX uses ream of paper.
The trash can becomes open if the trash can is close and XX opens it.
Barbeque grill becomes hot if barbeque grill is cold and XX heats barbeque grill.
The floor becomes wet if the floor is dry and XX washes it.
Three piece suit becomes unwrinkled if three piece suit is wrinkled and XX irons three piece suit.
Boxes become filled if boxes are unfilled and XX fills them.
The room becomes light if curtains are dark and XX opens them.
Bowling ball in the bowling alley becomes bouncing if bowling ball in the bowling alley is in hand and XX throws bowling ball in the bowling alley.
The bedsheet becomes moved if the bedsheet is unmoved and XX removes it.
The doorbell becomes not ringing if the doorbell is ringing and XX answers it.
Dinner becomes made if dinner is unmade and XX makes it.
The amplifier becomes quiet if the amplifier is loud and XX turns down it.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
Piece of cake in refrigerator becomes cold if piece of cake in refrigerator is warm and XX puts piece of cake in refrigerator.
The onion becomes the cut if the onion is uncut and XX cuts it.
The manual becomes read if the manual is unread and XX reads it.
House coat becomes clean if house coat is dirty and XX washes house coat.
Chain links becomes connected if chain links is unconnected and XX connects chain links.
Videotape becomes watched if videotape is unwatched and XX watches videotape.
Area rug becomes clean if area rug is dirty and XX vacuums area rug.
Broken statue becomes repaired if broken statue is needing repair and XX repairs broken statue.
The dustbin becomes empty if the dustbin is full and XX empties it.
The comforter becomes folded if the comforter is unfolded and XX folds it.
Loveseat becomes occupied if loveseat is free and XX occupies loveseat.
The garage becomes clean if the garage is messy and XX cleans it.
The knife becomes clean if the knife is dirty and XX cleans it.
Clothes washer becomes wet if clothes washer is dry and XX operates clothes washer.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX entertains him.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
The pea pod becomes thriving if the pea pod is dry and XX waters it.
Child's cup becomes full if child's cup is empty and XX fills child's cup.
Folding table becomes unfolded if folding table is folded and XX unfolds folding table.
The pickle becomes tasted if the pickle is untasted and XX tastes it.
Seal of new batteries becomes broken if seal of new batteries is close and XX opens seal of new batteries.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
The shop becomes full if the shop is empty and XX enters it.
Cold drink becomes colder if cold drink is cold and XX chills cold drink.
Goggles in sunny weather becomes worn if goggles in sunny weather is unworn and XX wears goggles in sunny weather.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
Important document becomes saved if important document is not saved and XX scans important document.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
Computer monitor becomes turned off if computer monitor is turned on and XX turns off computer monitor.
Grapes in refrigerator becomes cold if grapes in refrigerator is warm and XX stores grapes in refrigerator.
The doorbell becomes not ringing if the doorbell is ringing and XX answers it.
The umbrella becomes wet if umbrella on rainy days is dry and XX uses umbrella on rainy days.
The omelette becomes eaten if the omelette is whole and XX eats it.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
Bottle of soda becomes cold if bottle of soda is warm and XX chills bottle of soda.
Coffee becomes the drunk if coffee is undrunk and XX drinks it.
Chalk board becomes clear if chalk board is full and XX wipes off chalk board.
Eyeglasses become on my face if eyeglasses are off and XX wears them.
The cucumber becomes eaten if the cucumber is uneaten and XX eats it.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
Broken glass bottle becomes nowhere if broken glass bottle is everywhere and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
The magnet becomes attatched if the magnet is unattatched and XX attaches it.
The sandwich becomes small if the sandwich is big and XX eats it.
The coke becomes empty if the coke is full and XX drinks it.
Iron board for ironing becomes ironed on if iron board for ironing is folded up and XX uses iron board for ironing.
Bar of soap becomes wet if bar of soap is dry and XX dries out bar of soap.
The doorbell becomes off if the doorbell is ringing and XX answers it.
The cigar becomes burning if the cigar is unlit and XX lights it.
Eggs become beaten if eggs are whole and XX mixes them.
The mask becomes worn if the mask is unworn and XX wears it.
Bottle of wine becomes open if bottle of wine is corked and XX opens bottle of wine.
The banana becomes eaten if the banana is whole and XX eats it.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
Fresh carrot becomes clean if fresh carrot before making salad is dirty and XX washes fresh carrot before making salad.
Travel guide becomes guiding if travel guide is not guiding and XX follows travel guide.
Postage stamps on letter becomes used if postage stamps on letter is unused and XX sticks postage stamps on letter.
The visitor becomes sitting if easy chair to visitor is standing and XX offers easy chair to visitor.
The steering wheel becomes controlled if the steering wheel is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
Wheel chair becomes moving if wheel chair is stationary and XX pushes wheel chair.
Spaghetti becomes the energy if spaghetti is food and XX eats it.
Box of detergent becomes full if box of detergent is empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
The drivers license becomes renewed if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
The refrigerator becomes open if the refrigerator is closed and XX opens it.
The cake becomes the cut if the cake is perfect and XX cuts it.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
Wedge of cheese becomes eaten if wedge of cheese is uneaten and XX eats wedge of cheese.
The suit becomes being worn if the suit is hanging up and XX wears it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Clothes become worn if clothes are unworn and XX puts on them.
Food becomes covered if food is exposed and XX covers it.
Framed picture on wall becomes straight if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The jukebox becomes loud if the jukebox is quiet and XX plays it.
Broken glass bottle becomes nowhere if broken glass bottle is everywhere and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
The illness becomes good if the illness is bad and XX treats it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX washes it.
The magazine becomes shredded if the magazine is whole and XX recycles it.
The infant becomes satisfied if the infant is hungry and XX feeds him.
Carton of eggs becomes consumed if carton of eggs is not consumed and XX consumes carton of eggs.
Mail becomes the inside if mail is outside and XX brings in it.
Person's telephone number becomes dialled if person's telephone number is not dialled and XX dials person's telephone number.
Files become stored if files are available and XX archives them.
Bitten area becomes clean if bitten area is dirty and XX washes bitten area.
Blunt pencil becomes sharp if blunt pencil is dull and XX sharpens blunt pencil.
The computer becomes being off if the computer is being on and XX turns off it.
The trash can becomes empty if the trash can is full and XX empties it.
Slippers become worn if slippers are unused and XX wears them.
Lampshade becomes clean if lampshade is dusty and XX dusts lampshade.
Wires become the safe if wires are unsafe and XX grounds them.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
The pet becomes clean if the pet is dirty and XX washes it.
The quilt becomes worn if the quilt is unworn and XX wears it.
Phone bill becomes known if phone bill is unknown and XX checks phone bill.
Information in disk drive becomes stored if information in disk drive is unstored and XX stores information in disk drive.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
The nice interior becomes nice if the interior is ugly and XX designs it.
The suit becomes stitched if the suit is unstitched and XX stitches it.
The knife becomes handled if the knife is unhandled and XX handles it.
Piece of cake in refrigerator becomes cold if piece of cake in refrigerator is warm and XX puts piece of cake in refrigerator.
Dirty dishes becomes cleaner if dirty dishes is dirtier and XX washes dirty dishes.
Party cake becomes enjoyed if party cake is uneaten and XX eats party cake.
The emotion becomes affectionate if romantic dinner is bored and XX cherishes romantic dinner.
The lacquer becomes Polished if the lacquer is dull and XX Polishes it.
Bib to baby's neck becomes on if bib to baby's neck is off and XX ties bib to baby's neck.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
Toner cartridge becomes full if toner cartridge is empty and XX refills toner cartridge.
Piece of clothing becomes made if piece of clothing is the fabric and XX sews piece of clothing.
The drivers license becomes valid if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
Shopping list to shopping becomes in the store if shopping list to shopping is at home and XX takes shopping list to shopping.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The hanger becomes straight if the hanger is bent and XX straightens it.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes warm if copy machine to copy a paper is cold and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
Dvd disk becomes watched if dvd disk is unwatched and XX plays dvd disk.
Portable scale becomes calibrated if portable scale is uncalibrated and XX calibrates portable scale.
Litter pan becomes clean if litter pan is dirty and XX empties litter pan.
The reference book becomes usable if the reference book is used and XX consults it.
Eggs become scrambled if eggs are intact and XX mixes them.
Night lamp becomes on if night lamp is off and XX uses night lamp.
The vehicle becomes stopped if the vehicle is moving and XX stops it.
Person's telephone number becomes dialled if person's telephone number is not dialled and XX dials person's telephone number.
Water tap filter becomes clean if water tap filter is filthy and XX replaces water tap filter.
Sticky flap becomes sticky if sticky flap is dry and XX moistens sticky flap.
Stack of letters becomes stored if stack of letters is unstored and XX stores stack of letters.
Nut shell with hammer becomes broken if nut shell with hammer is whole and XX breaks nut shell with hammer.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
The tree becomes read if the tree is unread and XX waters it.
Slippers become worn if slippers are unused and XX wears them.
Jewelry chest becomes closed if jewelry chest is open and XX closes jewelry chest.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is discharged and XX charges it.
Pair of glasses becomes new if pair of glasses is old and XX replaces pair of glasses.
Bicycle tyre becomes pressurized if bicycle tyre is unpressurized and XX inflates bicycle tyre.
Pair of glasses becomes new if pair of glasses is old and XX replaces pair of glasses.
The scorpion becomes the location if the scorpion is the location and XX avoids it.
The pan becomes touchable if the pan is untouchable and XX cools down it.
The skylight becomes clear if the skylight is cloudy and XX cleans it.
The heating becomes on if the heating is off and XX turns on it.
Tv shows become seen if tv shows are unseen and XX watches them.
The insect becomes removed if the insect is in the way and XX removes it.
The lesson becomes learned if the lesson is unlearned and XX studies it.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
The fire becomes put out if the fire is burning and XX extinguishes it.
The floor becomes smooth if the floor is gritty and XX vacuums it.
Slice of watermelon becomes eaten if slice of watermelon is uneaten and XX eats slice of watermelon.
The hutch becomes unlocked if the hutch is locked and XX unlocks it.
Network hub becomes restarted if network hub is running and XX restarts network hub.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Kitchen shelf becomes organized if kitchen shelf properly is messy and XX arranges kitchen shelf properly.
Lights become off if lights are on and XX turns off them.
The baton becomes shiney if the baton is dull and XX Polishes it.
The whisky becomes the drunk if the whisky is left in the bottle and XX drinks it.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
Bottle of wine becomes uncorked if bottle of wine is corked and XX opens bottle of wine.
Medicine becomes finished if medicine is used and XX drinks it.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
Elderly becomes cared for if elderly is unassisted and XX assists elderly.
Sandals become on one's feet if sandals are not in use and XX wears them.
Drain stopper becomes unplugged if drain stopper is plugged and XX removes drain stopper.
The child becomes entertained if the child is not entertained and XX entertains him.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
The tube becomes empty if the tube is full and XX squeezes it.
Hair setting gel becomes used if hair setting gel is unused and XX applies hair setting gel.
The swimsuit becomes being worn on a person if the swimsuit is hanging on a hanger in a closet and XX wears it.
Vcr tape becomes rewound if vcr tape is not rewound and XX rewinds vcr tape.
The call becomes made if the store is unmade and XX calls it.
Plumbing pipes becomes new if plumbing pipes is old and XX replaces plumbing pipes.
The house plant becomes unowned if the house plant is owned and XX throws away it.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
Coke to visitor becomes served if coke to visitor is not served and XX serves coke to visitor.
Boxes become close if boxes are open and XX closes them.
Piano bench becomes correctly placed if piano bench is misplaced and XX adjusts piano bench.
Bike helmet becomes worn if bike helmet is unworn and XX puts on bike helmet.
The doctor becomes knowledgeable about the facts if the doctor is ignorant of the facts and XX informs him.
The ornament becomes shiny if the ornament is dull and XX Polishes it.
Charger when finished becomes dead if charger when finished is live and XX unplugs charger when finished.
The bunny becomes watched if the bunny is ignored and XX watches it.
Desk fan becomes cleaner if desk fan is dirtier and XX cleans desk fan.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
Tank top becomes worn if tank top is unworn and XX wears tank top.
Bunch of roses in vase becomes lots if bunch of roses in vase is none and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
The bedsheet becomes dirty if the bedsheet is clean and XX uses it.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
Fish back in the water becomes breathing if fish back in the water is suffocating and XX puts fish back in the water.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is unconnected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Baby seat before placing baby becomes being clean if baby seat before placing baby is being dirty and XX cleans baby seat before placing baby.
The detergent becomes used if the detergent is unused and XX adds it.
Work bench becomes organized if work bench is cluttered and XX arranges work bench.
The bag becomes closed if the bag is open and XX stitches it.
Insect out of the room becomes swatted if insect out of the room is flying around and XX gets insect out of the room.
Baby shoes becomes secure if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
Bread becomes sliced bread if bread is whole loaf and XX slices it.
The newspaper becomes recycled if the newspaper is discarded and XX recycles it.
The cocktail becomes empty if the cocktail is full and XX drinks it.
Laundry hamper becomes empty if laundry hamper is full and XX empties laundry hamper.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
Rice becomes soft if rice is hard and XX cooks it.
Food becomes covered if food is exposed and XX covers it.
French fries become in the stomach if french fries are on the plate and XX eats them.
Gradebook becomes open if gradebook is closed and XX peruses gradebook.
Corn chips becomes eaten if corn chips is uneaten and XX eats corn chips.
The child becomes fed if the child is hungry and XX feeds him.
Film in videotape becomes recorded if film in videotape is unused and XX records film in videotape.
The textbook becomes read if the textbook is unread and XX reads it.
The plant becomes fertilized if the plant is unfertilized and XX fertilizes it.
The vehicle becomes on the street if the vehicle is in the driveway and XX drives it.
Food processor after use becomes tidy if food processor after use is messy and XX cleans food processor after use.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is unturned and XX turns door handle.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
The pumpkin becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is not carved and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Bag of potato chips becomes closed if bag of potato chips is open and XX seals bag of potato chips.
The houseplant becomes wet if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX cleans it.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
The sample becomes the safe if the sample is dangerous and XX tests it.
The kitten becomes satiated if the kitten is hungry and XX feeds it.
The parcel becomes delivered if the parcel is not delivered and XX sends it.
Preservatives become added if preservatives are separate and XX adds them.
The Mobile hand becomes Mobile if the hand is stationary and XX shakes it.
The CD PLAYER becomes closed if the CD PLAYER is open and XX closes it.
Book of stamps becomes kept if book of stamps is unkept and XX stores book of stamps.
Nail paint becomes used if nail paint is unused and XX applies nail paint.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
Bottle of soda becomes cold if bottle of soda in refrigerator is warm and XX places bottle of soda in refrigerator.
Money becomes secured if money secure is unsecured and XX keeps money secure.
Bottle of window cleaner becomes full if bottle of window cleaner is empty and XX refills bottle of window cleaner.
The lens becomes clean if the lens is dirty and XX cleans it.
The plumber becomes on duty if the plumber is off duty and XX calls him.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
Soil from the floor becomes cleaner if soil from the floor is dirtier and XX wipes soil from the floor.
Sandals become worn if sandals are unworn and XX wears them.
The pickle becomes eaten if the pickle is uneaten and XX eats it.
Payment through credit card becomes none if payment through credit card is a lot of money and XX makes payment through credit card.
Garbage bin becomes covered if garbage bin is uncovered and XX closes garbage bin.
The shirt becomes on the person if the shirt is in the closet and XX wears it.
Pieces of glass from the floor becomes swept up if pieces of glass from the floor is scattered and XX sweeps pieces of glass from the floor.
New diaper on the baby becomes dirty if new diaper on the baby is clean and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
The cassette player becomes empty if cassette from cassette player is occupied and XX takes out cassette from cassette player.
Organizing bin becomes organized if organizing bin is disorganized and XX arranges organizing bin.
Bike helmet becomes the state if bike helmet is the state and XX puts on bike helmet.
Tube of toothpaste becomes garbage if tube of toothpaste is being used and XX discards tube of toothpaste.
The luggage becomes packed if the luggage is unpacked and XX packs it.
Desk lamp becomes on if desk lamp is off and XX turns on desk lamp.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX throws it.
The report becomes good if the report is bad and XX proofreads it.
The brass instrument becomes Polished if the brass instrument is tarnished and XX Polishes it.
The wedding cake becomes eaten if the wedding cake is uneaten and XX eats it.
Family photo album becomes arranged if family photo album is not arranged and XX arranges family photo album.
The dispenser becomes fuller if the dispenser is emptier and XX refills it.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
Lid on the jar becomes on if lid on the jar is off and XX screws lid on the jar.
Ceiling light before leaving the room becomes off if ceiling light before leaving the room is on and XX turns off ceiling light before leaving the room.
The receiver becomes on the phone if receiver back on the phone is off the phone and XX puts receiver back on the phone.
The notebook becomes the page if the notebook is the page and XX makes it.
Fruits in bowl becomes eaten if fruits in bowl is being there and XX eats fruits in bowl.
Boot rack becomes the orderly if boot rack is chaotic and XX organizes boot rack.
The raincoat becomes worn if the raincoat is unworn and XX wears it.
Chinese checkers board becomes played if chinese checkers board is un played and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Food becomes uncooked if food is cooked and XX cooks it.
The peanut butter becomes eaten if the peanut butter is uneaten and XX eats it.
Water sprinkler becomes used if water sprinkler is unused and XX installs water sprinkler.
Bottle of beer becomes empty if bottle of beer is full and XX drinks bottle of beer.
The manager becomes called if the manager is not called and XX calls him.
The knife becomes away if the knife is out and XX puts away it.
The presentation becomes scheduled if the presentation is unsceduled and XX schedules it.
Printing paper in printer becomes the stop if printing paper in printer is moving and XX loads printing paper in printer.
The magazine becomes usable material if the magazine is garbage and XX recycles it.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Garbage bin becomes empty if garbage in the garbage bin is full and XX discards garbage in the garbage bin.
The present becomes unwrapped if the present is wrapped and XX unwraps it.
Vegetable in refrigerator becomes cool if vegetable in refrigerator is warm and XX stores vegetable in refrigerator.
The blanket becomes dry if the blanket is wet and XX dries it.
The disk becomes formatted if the disk is unformatted and XX formats it.
Paint tray becomes filled if paint tray is unfilled and XX refills paint tray.
Gingerbread cookies becomes eaten if gingerbread cookies is uneaten and XX eats gingerbread cookies.
The coin becomes in the hand if the coin is on the floor and XX picks up it.
Pencil lead becomes sharp if pencil lead is dull and XX sharpens pencil lead.
Wash basket becomes empty if wash basket is full and XX unloads wash basket.
The personal computer becomes upgraded if the personal computer is not upgraded and XX upgrades it.
The cocktail becomes drank if the cocktail is drinkable and XX mixes it.
Light becomes on if light is off and XX turns on it.
Walking stick becomes used if walking stick is being unused and XX uses walking stick.
The suit becomes wearable if the suit is unwearable and XX stitches it.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes functioning if joystick to the terminal to play games is unusable and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
The air conditioner becomes on if the air conditioner is off and XX turns on it.
Doors of the car becomes having oil if doors of the car is not having oil and XX oils doors of the car.
Rice cooker becomes hot if rice cooker is cold and XX heats rice cooker.
The clip becomes tight if the clip is loose and XX tightens it.
Network hub becomes on if network hub is off and XX restarts network hub.
The pea pod becomes watered if the pea pod is unwatered and XX waters it.
The pool table becomes the level if the pool table is tilted and XX levels it.
Bar of soap becomes dry if bar of soap is slippery and XX dries out bar of soap.
The flame becomes the flame if the flame is nothing and XX lights it.
Piece of cheese becomes non-existant if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
Meat into the grinder becomes grinded if meat into the grinder is not grinded and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
Chalk board becomes clean if chalk board is dirty and XX erases chalk board.
The waffle becomes devoured if the waffle is untouched and XX eats it.
Pot of tulips becomes wet if pot of tulips is dry and XX waters pot of tulips.
Time clock becomes correct time if time clock is incorrect time and XX sets time clock.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
The kitchen becomes clean if the kitchen is dirty and XX disinfects it.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
The stapler becomes full if the stapler is empty and XX refills it.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
Tricycle in child room becomes not being allowed to ride the trike if tricycle in child room is being allowed to ride the trike and XX keeps tricycle in child room.
Pair of steel toed boots becomes used if pair of steel toed boots is not used and XX wears pair of steel toed boots.
Frosted cake becomes served if frosted cake is uncut and XX serves frosted cake.
Socks become worn if socks are unworn and XX puts on them.
The lens becomes transparent if the lens is murky and XX cleans it.
Important papers becomes printed if important papers is unprinted and XX prints out important papers.
The surface becomes sticky if sticky tape is clean and XX applies sticky tape.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
The cupboard becomes occupied if the cupboard is unoccupied and XX uses it.
Folding table becomes unfolded if folding table is folded and XX unfolds folding table.
The maid becomes paid if the maid is unpaid and XX pays her.
Ac becomes on if ac is off and XX turns off ac.
Duplicate key becomes double if duplicate key is the single and XX gets duplicate key.
The toilet becomes soapy if toilet with soap solution is dirty and XX washes toilet with soap solution.
The cream becomes the face if the cream is the hand and XX applies it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Sheet of paper becomes thrown away if sheet of paper is not thrown away and XX throws away sheet of paper.
Ink ribbon becomes inked if ink ribbon is dry and XX inks ink ribbon.
Kitty litter becomes fresh if kitty litter is used and XX cleans kitty litter.
The song becomes played if the song is silent and XX plays it.
Cold drink in hand tray becomes cold if cold drink in hand tray is warm and XX serves cold drink in hand tray.
The cigarette becomes short if the cigarette is long and XX smokes it.
Oncoming traffic becomes known if oncoming traffic is unknown and XX watches oncoming traffic.
Dirt from the floor becomes clean if dirt from the floor is dirty and XX removes dirt from the floor.
The blanket becomes mended if the blanket is torn and XX sews it.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
The trash can becomes open if the trash can is closed and XX opens it.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is unhung and XX hangs boxing bag.
Slice of watermelon becomes eaten if slice of watermelon is whole and XX eats slice of watermelon.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
The overcoat becomes warm if the overcoat is cold and XX wears it.
Frozen dinner becomes ready to eat if frozen dinner is uncooked and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
The kite becomes high if the kite is low and XX flies it.
The notebook becomes the page if the notebook is the page and XX makes it.
Sharp objects becomes the safe if sharp objects is dangerous and XX puts away sharp objects.
The mushroom becomes cooked if the mushroom is raw and XX cooks it.
Glass of orange juice becomes empty if glass of orange juice is full and XX drinks glass of orange juice.
Tiles become clean if tiles are dirty and XX cleans them.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is not arranged and XX arranges stack of paper.
The diaper becomes not being on the baby if the diaper is being on the baby and XX removes it.
Bottle of conditioner becomes discarded if bottle of conditioner is used and XX throws away bottle of conditioner.
Pressure gauge periodically to check tire pressure becomes used if pressure gauge periodically to check tire pressure is unused and XX uses pressure gauge periodically to check tire pressure.
The lace becomes tied if the lace is untied and XX ties it.
The coffee table becomes used if the coffee table is unused and XX uses it.
The basket becomes existant if the basket is non-existant and XX weaves it.
Guests become greeted if guests are unacknowledged and XX welcomes them.
Information in disk drive becomes used if information in disk drive is empty and XX stores information in disk drive.
The dishwasher becomes full if the dishwasher is empty and XX empties it.
Dust-pan's dirt in the trash can becomes hidden away in the bag if dust-pan's dirt in the trash can is visible and XX empties dust-pan's dirt in the trash can.
Curtains become closed if curtains are open and XX closes them.
Boots become shiny if boots are dull and XX Polishes them.
The sink becomes empty if drain plug is full and XX opens drain plug.
The compactor becomes emptied if the compactor is full and XX clears out it.
Names become entered if names are unentered and XX enters them.
The child becomes supervised if the child is unattended and XX watches him.
The soccer ball becomes in the air if the soccer ball is on the ground and XX kicks it.
Pair of jeans becomes on if pair of jeans is not on and XX wears pair of jeans.
The heat becomes turned off if the heat is turned on and XX turns off it.
Door mat in the correct position becomes aligned if door mat in the correct position is askew and XX places door mat in the correct position.
Files in safe place becomes the safe if files in safe place is at risk and XX keeps files in safe place.
The swimsuit becomes worn if the swimsuit is unworn and XX wears it.
The birthday cake becomes partial if the birthday cake is complete and XX eats it.
Dozen eggs becomes cooked if dozen eggs is uncooked and XX serves dozen eggs.
Tiki god mask becomes colorful if tiki god mask is bland and XX colors tiki god mask.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The interior becomes decorated if the interior is the plain and XX designs it.
Weather becomes checked if weather is not checked and XX checks it.
Toy bricks becomes organized if toy bricks is in disarray and XX arranges toy bricks.
The string becomes short if the string is long and XX cuts it.
Ear-ring becomes worn if ear-ring is unworn and XX wears ear-ring.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
Broken glass becomes cleaned up if broken glass is messy and XX sweeps broken glass.
The phone becomes off the hook if dial-tone is on the hook and XX hears dial-tone.
The floor mat becomes clean if the floor mat is dirty and XX cleans it.
Files become archived if files are unarchived and XX archives them.
The pea pod becomes wet if the pea pod is dry and XX waters it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes clean if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX washes dishes in dishwasher.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
Food becomes uncooked if food is cooked and XX cooks it.
Curtains become open if curtains are closed and XX draws them.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
Boxes in garage becomes put away if boxes in garage is out in the open and XX puts boxes in garage.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
The book becomes unavailable if the book is available and XX selects it.
The tune becomes heard if the tune is unknown and XX plays it.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Bowl of fruit becomes full if bowl of fruit is empty and XX refills bowl of fruit.
Tiki god mask becomes colorful if tiki god mask is bland and XX colors tiki god mask.
Conference table becomes being reserved if conference table is being unused and XX uses conference table.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
The shower becomes used if the shower is unused and XX gets into it.
Batteries become empty if batteries are full and XX charges them.
Basket ball becomes filled if basket ball is the flat and XX inflates basket ball.
The trash becomes emptied if the trash is full and XX empties it.
Vegetable in refrigerator becomes in if vegetable in refrigerator is out and XX stores vegetable in refrigerator.
The musical instrument becomes being played if the musical instrument is not being played and XX plays it.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
Face mask while playing with children becomes worn if face mask while playing with children is unworn and XX wears face mask while playing with children.
Important document becomes scanned if important document is unscanned and XX scans important document.
Lemonaid becomes in the stomach if lemonaid is in the glass and XX drinks lemonaid.
Eggs become broken if eggs are whole and XX cracks them.
Bottle of beer becomes empty if bottle of beer is full and XX drinks bottle of beer.
Hiking boots become worn in if hiking boots are new and XX wears them.
Doors become shut if doors are open and XX shuts them.
Pasta becomes digested if pasta is uneaten and XX eats it.
The xerox copy becomes on if the xerox copy is off and XX makes it.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is in the trash and XX recycles coke can.
Baby carrier becomes in motion if baby carrier is stationary and XX pushes baby carrier.
Date stamp becomes wet if date stamp is dry and XX inks date stamp.
Pant becomes washed if pant is unwashed and XX scrubs pant.
The flame becomes low if the flame is high and XX lowers it.
Sticky flap becomes wet if sticky flap is dry and XX moistens sticky flap.
The newspaper becomes chosen if the newspaper is unchosen and XX picks it.
Nails become trimmed if nails are long and XX cuts them.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are unchopped and XX chops them.
The sandwich becomes the energy if the sandwich is food and XX eats it.
The knife becomes used if the knife is unused and XX handles it.
The task becomes undone if the task is undone and XX forgets it.
Electric can opener away from kids becomes secure if electric can opener away from kids is unsecure and XX keeps electric can opener away from kids.
The desktop becomes tidy if the desktop is cluttered and XX organizes it.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
The salmon becomes eaten if the salmon is uneaten and XX eats it.
The floor mat becomes clean if the floor mat is the dirt and XX cleans it.
Jam jar before serving becomes close if jam jar before serving is open and XX opens jam jar before serving.
The display becomes used if the display is unused and XX watches it.
Files become the safe if files in safe place is not safe and XX keeps files in safe place.
Emptybottle of mustard becomes full if bottle of mustard is empty and XX fills bottle of mustard.
Socks in drawer becomes sorted if socks in drawer is disorganized and XX keeps socks in drawer.
Power battery becomes charged if power battery is not charged and XX recharges power battery.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
The hotdog becomes eaten if the hotdog is uneaten and XX eats it.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
The bin becomes closed if the bin is open and XX closes it.
Pint of beer becomes consumed if pint of beer is in the glass and XX drinks pint of beer.
The hand becomes waving if the hand is still and XX waves it.
Hole puncher becomes empty if hole puncher is full and XX empties hole puncher.
The flame becomes out if the flame is raging and XX puts out it.
Baby stroller becomes folded out if baby stroller is compact and XX unfolds baby stroller.
The goblet becomes clean if the goblet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The carpet becomes not having stain if the carpet is having stain and XX wipes off it.
Sunglasses become being on the eyes if sunglasses are being on the dash of the car and XX wears them.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Bundle of yarn with care becomes untankled if bundle of yarn with care is tangled and XX handles bundle of yarn with care.
The cigarette becomes incinerating if the cigarette is the stable and XX lights it.
The stuffed animal becomes dry if the stuffed animal is wet and XX dries it.
The disk becomes empty if the disk is full and XX formats it.
The blouse becomes repaired if the blouse is ripped and XX stitches it.
The footwear becomes used if the footwear is unused and XX wears it.
Dog bone becomes chased if dog bone is dogbone and XX takes away dog bone.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
The infant becomes entertained if the infant is bored and XX entertains him.
Frosted cake becomes eaten if frosted cake is uneaten and XX serves frosted cake.
The silverware becomes clean if the silverware is dirty and XX cleans it.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
The trumpet becomes heard if the trumpet is unheard and XX hears it.
The boiled egg becomes cooked if the boiled egg is raw and XX eats it.
Leaves in the pool becomes removed from the pool if pole to clean pool is uncollected and XX uses pole to clean pool.
The spill becomes wiped up if spill with a paper towel is spilled and XX wipes spill with a paper towel.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
The computer software becomes installed if the computer software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Hiking backpack becomes being carried if hiking backpack is on the floor and XX carries hiking backpack.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are unassembled and XX assembles them.
Sunglasses become being on the eyes if sunglasses are being on the dash of the car and XX wears them.
Pie crust becomes eaten if pie crust is uneaten and XX eats pie crust.
Greenbeans becomes soft if greenbeans is crisp and XX cooks greenbeans.
Swiss cheese becomes eaten if swiss cheese is in a block and XX eats swiss cheese.
Door bell button becomes ringing if door bell button is quiet and XX pushes door bell button.
Fresh carrot for salad becomes chopped if fresh carrot for salad is whole and XX chops fresh carrot for salad.
Coffee beans become grinded if coffee beans are whole and XX grinds them.
The floor becomes wet if the floor is dry and XX mops it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Paper for future reference becomes filed if paper for future reference is unfiled and XX files paper for future reference.
Ball back becomes moving if ball back is stationary and XX kicks ball back.
The luggage becomes packed if the luggage is unpacked and XX packs it.
Load of laundry in the laundry basket becomes clean if load of laundry in the laundry basket is dirty and XX washes load of laundry in the laundry basket.
Beautiful costumes becomes nicely arranged if beautiful costumes is unarranged and XX arranges beautiful costumes.
Pile of paper becomes neat if pile of paper is messy and XX arranges pile of paper.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
Garbage becomes disposed of if garbage is collected and XX throws away it.
Razors blade becomes sharp if razors blade is dull and XX replaces razors blade.
The suitcase becomes tidy if the suitcase is untidy and XX arranges it.
The bib becomes washed if the bib is unwashed and XX washes it.
Dust-pan becomes empty if dust-pan is full and XX empties dust-pan.
Dirty clothes becomes clean if dirty clothes is dirty and XX carries dirty clothes.
Frozen dinner becomes hot if frozen dinner is frozen and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
The manager becomes aware if the manager is unaware and XX calls him.
The cocktail becomes mixed if the cocktail is unmixed and XX mixes it.
Tape cassette becomes used if tape cassette is unused and XX plays tape cassette.
The folding chair becomes unfolded if the folding chair is folded shut and XX pries open it.
The houseplant becomes alive if the houseplant is died and XX waters it.
Batteries become the charge if batteries are uncharged and XX charges them.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
Chess becomes being used if chess is idle and XX plays it.
Cricket becomes unhit if cricket is the hit and XX plays it.
The door becomes shiny if the door is dull and XX oils it.
New diaper becomes used if new diaper is stored and XX puts new diaper.
The shaving cream becomes on the face if the shaving cream is in the can and XX applies it.
Trash bag becomes taken out if trash bag is unattended and XX carries trash bag.
The thread becomes tied if the thread is untied and XX ties it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Pepper becomes the ground if pepper is unground and XX grinds it.
Pepper becomes in the digestive system if pepper is on the plant and XX eats it.
Information in disk drive becomes used if information in disk drive is empty and XX stores information in disk drive.
The ground becomes clean if the ground is dirty and XX cleans it.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
The dartboard becomes the hit if the dartboard is unhit and XX hits it.
Boxes in garage becomes put away if boxes in garage is out in the open and XX puts boxes in garage.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
The button becomes fixed if the button is loose and XX mends it.
Fruits in refrigerator becomes preserved if fruits in refrigerator is unpreserved and XX puts fruits in refrigerator.
The phone becomes chargin if receiver back on the phone is not charging and XX puts receiver back on the phone.
The leak becomes plugged if the leak is leaking and XX stops it.
Walking cane becomes up if walking cane is down and XX raises walking cane.
Elderly becomes cared for if elderly is unassisted and XX assists elderly.
Important papers becomes on paper if important papers is on the computer and XX prints out important papers.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes being cleaned/ if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX puts dishes in dishwasher.
The newspaper becomes read if the newspaper is unread and XX reads it.
The volume becomes softer if the volume is loud and XX turns down it.
Baby seat becomes dry if baby seat is wet and XX dries baby seat.
The houseplant becomes wet if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
Scattered clothes becomes gathered if scattered clothes for washing is scattered and XX gathers scattered clothes for washing.
Bedsheet on the bed becomes already spread if bedsheet on the bed is not spread yet and XX spreads bedsheet on the bed.
The drink becomes drinken if the drink is undrinken and XX serves it.
Portable scale becomes accurate if portable scale is inaccurate and XX calibrates portable scale.
The coke becomes cool if the coke is warm and XX refrigerates it.
Pair of pants becomes worn if pair of pants is unworn and XX wears pair of pants.
The zip drive becomes protected if the zip drive is unprotected and XX protects it.
Mail becomes checked on if mail is unmonitored and XX checks it.
Soccer ball with feet becomes stationary if soccer ball with feet is moving and XX stops soccer ball with feet.
The floor becomes vacuumed if the floor is not vacuumed and XX vacuums it.
The elastic becomes stressed if the elastic is loose and XX expands it.
Bedsheets become smooth if bedsheets are wrinkled and XX irons them.
Bicycle tyre becomes inflated if bicycle tyre is the flat and XX inflates bicycle tyre.
Can of soda becomes empty if can of soda is full and XX drinks can of soda.
Burnt out bulb becomes out if burnt out bulb is in and XX removes burnt out bulb.
Discman to stereo becomes connected if discman to stereo is unconnected and XX connects discman to stereo.
Face mask while playing with children becomes worn if face mask while playing with children is unworn and XX wears face mask while playing with children.
The telephone becomes being used if the telephone is hung up and XX picks it.
Bottle opener to open the bottle becomes uncapped if bottle opener to open the bottle is capped and XX uses bottle opener to open the bottle.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
Pajama bottom becomes warm if pajama bottom is cold and XX wears pajama bottom.
The lightbulb becomes fixed if the lightbulb is broken and XX replaces it.
The briefcase becomes loaded if the briefcase is unloaded and XX loads it.
The folder becomes organized if the folder is disorganized and XX organizes it.
Letter cart becomes avoided if letter cart is in the way and XX avoids letter cart.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The kitchen becomes clean if the kitchen is dirty and XX disinfects it.
The underwear becomes worn if underwear first is unworn and XX dons underwear first.
Night lamp becomes unlit if night lamp is lit and XX turns on night lamp.
Bedspread becomes being mended if bedspread is being unmended and XX mends bedspread.
Ash tray becomes empty if ash tray is full of ashes and XX empties ash tray.
Sunglasses become being on the eyes if sunglasses are being on the dash of the car and XX wears them.
Box of detergent becomes new if box of detergent is empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
Letter from mailbox becomes out of the box if letter from mailbox is in the box and XX takes out letter from mailbox.
Babies highchair becomes higher if babies highchair is low and XX adjusts babies highchair.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
The log becomes ash if the log is wood and XX burns it.
The ornament becomes shiny and clean if the ornament is dusty and XX Polishes it.
The trumpet becomes heard if the trumpet is unheard and XX hears it.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
Folder to pick out papers becomes open if folder to pick out papers is closed and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
The bee becomes dead if the bee is alive and XX kills it.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
The engine becomes on if the engine is off and XX STARTS it.
The briefcase becomes full if the briefcase is empty and XX loads it.
Hotel room becomes filled if hotel room is vacant and XX reserves hotel room.
The birthday cake becomes eaten if the birthday cake is whole and XX eats it.
Friend in need becomes on the phone if friend in need is off the phone and XX calls friend in need.
Shirts become hung in the closet if shirts in the closet is on the floor and XX hangs shirts in the closet.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX cleans it.
Hiking boots become worn if hiking boots are unworn and XX wears them.
Liquid from floor becomes clean if liquid from floor is drity and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
The body spray becomes outside the bottle if the body spray is inside the bottle and XX applies it.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
The patient becomes contented if the patient is hopeful and XX reassures him.
Nail clipper becomes dirty if nail clipper is clean and XX cleans nail clipper.
Children become fed if children are unfed and XX feeds them.
The job becomes completed if the job is waiting to be done and XX performs it.
Roll of film for processing becomes developed if roll of film for processing is raw and XX gives roll of film for processing.
Hairs become cleaned if hairs are dirty and XX washes them.
The song becomes taught if the song is not taught and XX teaches it.
The coke becomes cold if coke in refrigerator is room temperature and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
Bottle of soda becomes cold if bottle of soda in refrigerator is warm and XX places bottle of soda in refrigerator.
Pain becomes painful if pain is numb and XX feels it.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
Drain plug becomes open if drain plug is closed and XX opens drain plug.
Telephone cord becomes extended if telephone cord is retracted and XX extends telephone cord.
The thread becomes tied if the thread is untied and XX ties it.
Load of laundry becomes clean if load of laundry is dirty and XX washes load of laundry.
The omelette becomes consumed if the omelette is not consumed and XX eats it.
Bedsheet on the bed becomes on the bed if bedsheet on the bed is off the bed and XX spreads bedsheet on the bed.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes given if bunch of roses to someone is kept and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
The trunk becomes locked if the trunk is open and XX locks it.
Food becomes cooked if food is uncooked and XX cooks it.
The bee becomes dead if the bee is the living and XX kills it.
Door of the dishwasher becomes opened if door of the dishwasher is closed and XX opens door of the dishwasher.
Eggs become cracked if eggs are uncracked and XX breaks them.
Coffee mug becomes full if coffee mug is empty and XX fills coffee mug.
Medicine becomes measured if medicine is unmeasured and XX measures it.
The stove becomes hot if the stove is cool and XX turns on it.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
The telephone becomes being used if the telephone is hung up and XX picks it.
The bunny becomes observed if the bunny is ignored and XX watches it.
Glass of milk becomes empty if glass of milk is full and XX drinks glass of milk.
The string becomes tight if the string is loose and XX tightens it.
The lobster becomes cooked if the lobster is raw and XX cooks it.
Paper tray becomes useable product if paper tray is the trash and XX recycles paper tray.
The message becomes delivered if the message is pending delivery and XX delivers it.
Pant suit becomes clean if pant suit is dirty and XX washes pant suit.
Plumbing pipes becomes fixed if plumbing pipes is broken and XX replaces plumbing pipes.
Curtains become drawn if curtains are undrawn and XX draws them.
The tent becomes assembled if the tent is packed and XX puts up it.
Broken frame becomes fixed if broken frame is broken and XX repairs broken frame.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are smudged and XX cleans them.
The bedsheet becomes clean if the bedsheet is dirty and XX washes it.
Load of laundry becomes folded and put away if load of laundry is in the machine and XX collects load of laundry.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
Leaking pipe becomes not leaking if leaking pipe is leaking and XX replaces leaking pipe.
Socks become on if socks are off and XX wears them.
Mail becomes open if mail is closed and XX opens it.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
House coat becomes clean if house coat is dirty and XX washes house coat.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Affected area becomes clean if affected area is dirty and XX washes affected area.
The room becomes light if bulb when the room is dark is dark and XX lights bulb when the room is dark.
Dirty laundry becomes clean if dirty laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty laundry.
Clothes become clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
The folding chair becomes fixed if the folding chair is broken and XX repairs it.
The tie becomes untied if the tie is tied and XX undoes it.
Warm clothes becomes on the person if warm clothes is on the floor and XX wears warm clothes.
The detergent becomes in the washing machine if the detergent is in a bottle and XX adds it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
Table cover on table becomes the room if table cover on table is the room and XX spreads table cover on table.
Air conditioning duct becomes fixed if air conditioning duct is broken and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
The rope becomes used if the rope is unused and XX uses it.
The crib becomes neat if the crib is messy and XX tidies it.
The kid becomes relaxed if the kid is hyper and XX calms it.
Dog biscuit to the pet dog becomes fed if dog biscuit to the pet dog is unfed and XX feeds dog biscuit to the pet dog.
The microprocessor becomes new if the microprocessor is old and XX upgrades it.
Electrical panel becomes checked if electrical panel is unchecked and XX checks electrical panel.
Bike helmet becomes the state if bike helmet is the state and XX puts on bike helmet.
Food becomes covered if food is exposed and XX covers it.
The floppy disk becomes formated if the floppy disk is unformatted and XX formats it.
Toasted bread becomes toasted if toasted bread is untoasted and XX makes toasted bread.
The bulb becomes disposed of if the bulb is burnt and XX replaces it.
Exact time becomes known if exact time is unknown and XX knows exact time.
Stack of boxes becomes the split if stack of boxes is stacked and XX splits stack of boxes.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty or partially filled and XX refills it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
The generator becomes on if the generator is off and XX uses it.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Sink with water becomes full if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
High chair to place a baby becomes functional if high chair to place a baby is unused and XX uses high chair to place a baby.
The cranberry juice becomes in belly if the cranberry juice is in bottle and XX drinks it.
Soda can becomes discarded if soda can is used and XX throws away soda can.
The doorbell becomes answered if the doorbell is ringing and XX answers it.
The person becomes wearing a coat outside if coat when outside is not wearing a coat and XX wears coat when outside.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is unbroken and XX breaks open it.
The biscuit becomes eaten if the biscuit is uneaten and XX eats it.
Gallon of milk becomes the safe if gallon of milk in refrigerator is might go bad and XX stores gallon of milk in refrigerator.
Projector on screen becomes focussed if projector on screen is unfocussed and XX focuses projector on screen.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
The plum becomes eaten if the plum is uneaten and XX eats it.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX kills it.
The computer keyboard becomes functional if the computer keyboard is unfunctional and XX connects it.
Spare tire becomes full of air if spare tire is the flat and XX inflates spare tire.
Clothes become hanged if clothes in wardrobe is unhanged and XX hangs clothes in wardrobe.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
The jacket becomes worn if the jacket is hanging and XX puts on it.
Pair of reading glasses becomes worn if pair of reading glasses is unworn and XX puts on pair of reading glasses.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is not tight and XX tightens it.
The lid becomes open if the lid is closed and XX uses it.
The burner becomes off if the burner is on and XX turns off it.
The tent becomes put up if the tent is packed and XX puts up it.
Binoculars become used if binoculars are unused and XX focuses them.
The floor becomes dry if wet floor is wet and XX wipes wet floor.
Gallon of milk in refrigerator becomes cold if gallon of milk in refrigerator is cool and XX stores gallon of milk in refrigerator.
Kitchen range becomes on if kitchen range is off and XX turns on kitchen range.
Bowling ball in the bowling alley becomes rolling on the alley if bowling ball in the bowling alley is elevated above the the floor of the alley and XX throws bowling ball in the bowling alley.
The club becomes in motion if the club is at rest and XX swings it.
The washer becomes able to clean if the detergent is unable to clean and XX adds it.
Dinner table becomes filled with food if dinner is empty and XX serves it.
Doors of the car becomes smooth if doors of the car is dry and XX oils doors of the car.
The front door becomes open if the front door is closed and XX opens it.
Circuit breaker panel becomes checked if circuit breaker panel is unchecked and XX checks circuit breaker panel.
Coke in refrigerator becomes cold if coke in refrigerator is warm and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
The carrot becomes eaten if the carrot is uneaten and XX eats it.
Stack of boxes becomes labeled if stack of boxes is unlabeled and XX labels stack of boxes.
Deck of cards becomes stacked if deck of cards is random and XX arranges deck of cards.
The crib becomes organized if the crib is cluttered and XX tidies it.
The wall becomes decorated if oil painting on the wall is bare and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
Piece of fish becomes eaten if piece of fish is whole and XX eats piece of fish.
The tire becomes inflated if flat tire is the flat and XX repairs flat tire.
Eggs become eaten if eggs are uneaten and XX eats them.
The stain becomes lifted if the stain is on the shirt and XX removes it.
Hot tea becomes made if hot tea is unmade and XX prepares hot tea.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
The pool table becomes levelled if the pool table is not levelled and XX levels it.
The picture becomes reframed if the picture is framed and XX hangs it.
Contact lenses become worn if contact lenses are unworn and XX wears them.
Piano bench becomes comfortable if piano bench is awkward and XX adjusts piano bench.
Clothes become folded if clothes are unfolded and XX folds them.
Can of corn becomes eaten if can of corn is unopened and XX consumes can of corn.
Serving spoons becomes used if serving spoons is unused and XX uses serving spoons.
Piece of cake becomes inside the body if piece of cake is outside the body and XX eats piece of cake.
Bottle of wine becomes empty if bottle of wine is full and XX consumes bottle of wine.
The diet becomes less calories if the diet is more calories and XX reduces it.
The pollen becomes not bothering the person if the pollen is bothering the person and XX avoids it.
Books in shelf becomes full if books in shelf is empty and XX keeps books in shelf.
Sugar becomes disolved if sugar is solid and XX adds it.
The hair becomes neat if the hair is messy and XX combs it.
Baby cup becomes clean if baby cup is dirty and XX cleans baby cup.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
Beetle killer becomes used if beetle killer is unused and XX uses beetle killer.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
Dirty dishes becomes clean if dirty dishes is dirty and XX rinses dirty dishes.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX shampoos it.
The pickle becomes eaten if the pickle is on the plate and XX eats it.
The orange becomes crushed if the orange is round and XX squeezes it.
Eyes become protected from the sun if pair of sunglasses is unprotected from the sun and XX puts on pair of sunglasses.
Trash bag becomes closed if trash bag is open and XX carries trash bag.
The garbage can becomes empty if garbage from the garbage can is full and XX disposes garbage from the garbage can.
The child becomes cared for if the child is uncared for and XX takes care of him.
Block of swiss cheese becomes gone if block of swiss cheese is ther and XX eats block of swiss cheese.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
Computer monitor becomes turned off if computer monitor is running and XX turns off computer monitor.
The seat belt becomes worn if the seat belt is unworn and XX fastens it.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is aggitated and XX calms it.
Diaper area becomes clean if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Party cake becomes admired if party cake is unadmired and XX admires party cake.
Binoculars become liked if binoculars are unliked and XX focuses them.
The iron becomes hot if the iron is cold and XX uses it.
Wallpaper on wall becomes wet if wallpaper on wall is dry and XX pastes wallpaper on wall.
Blackboard before use becomes clean if blackboard before use is dirty and XX erases blackboard before use.
The flashlight becomes on if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes presented if bunch of roses to someone is not presented and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
The soccer ball becomes in your hands if the soccer ball is in the air and XX catches it.
The body spray becomes applied if the body spray is unused and XX applies it.
The wound becomes covered if the wound is open and XX bandages it.
The belt becomes open if the belt is closed and XX opens it.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
The detergent becomes liquid if the detergent is the powder and XX adds it.
Shoelaces become tied if shoelaces are untied and XX ties them.
The antenna becomes fixed if the antenna is there and XX adjusts it.
Pancake with syrup becomes eaten if pancake with syrup is prepared and XX eats pancake with syrup.
Lunch becomes eaten if lunch is uneaten and XX eats it.
The swimsuit becomes worn if the swimsuit is not worn and XX wears it.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
Mail box becomes open mail if mail box is unopen mail and XX closes mail box.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
Vegetable in refrigerator becomes cold if vegetable in refrigerator is room temperature and XX stores vegetable in refrigerator.
Ingredients in right proportion becomes half batch if ingredients in right proportion is full batch and XX mixes ingredients in right proportion.
Holidays become enjoyed if holidays are not enjoyed and XX enjoys them.
Invitations become sent if invitations are unsent and XX sends out them.
Table cover on table becomes the room if table cover on table is the room and XX spreads table cover on table.
Glass bottle becomes smashed if glass bottle is empty and XX recycles glass bottle.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is crying and XX calms it.
People become calm if people are anxious and XX calms down them.
The cup becomes empty if cup of coffee is full and XX drinks cup of coffee.
The presentation becomes scheduled if the presentation is unsceduled and XX schedules it.
The alarm clock becomes the set if the alarm clock is unset and XX resets it.
Pumpkin vegetable becomes eaten if pumpkin vegetable is uneaten and XX eats pumpkin vegetable.
The dress becomes hung on a hanger if the dress is on the body and XX hangs it.
The videocassette becomes rewinded if the videocassette is played and XX rewinds it.
The bathing suit becomes clean if the bathing suit is dirty and XX washes it.
The trumpet becomes music if the trumpet is quiet and XX hears it.
An object becomes found if an object is lost and XX retrieves an object.
Wedge of cheese becomes eaten if wedge of cheese is uneaten and XX eats wedge of cheese.
Glass of water becomes empty if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
Infant seat becomes adjusted if infant seat is not adjusted and XX adjusts infant seat.
The boiled egg becomes eaten if the boiled egg is uneaten and XX eats it.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
Phone receiver becomes being picked up if phone receiver is being down and XX picks up phone receiver.
The fireplace becomes dirty if the fireplace is clean and XX uses it.
Toilet scrubber with water becomes clean if toilet scrubber with water is dirty and XX rinses toilet scrubber with water.
The person becomes located if the person is unknown and XX locates him.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are whole and XX chops them.
Glass of beer becomes empty if glass of beer is full and XX drinks glass of beer.
Lead of pencil becomes refilled if lead of pencil is low and XX checks lead of pencil.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is dirty and XX tidies it.
The skirt becomes worn if the skirt is unworn and XX wears it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
Old bulb becomes unscrewed if old bulb is screwed and XX unscrews old bulb.
Medicine to person becomes in the tummyu if medicine to person is in the bottle and XX gives medicine to person.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Dog bone becomes thrown if dog bone is throwing and XX throws dog bone.
Travel iron becomes packed if travel iron is unpacked and XX packs travel iron.
Golf bag becomes full if golf bag is empty and XX fills golf bag.
The wick becomes burning if citronella candle is not burning and XX lights citronella candle.
Lunchbox becomes fixed if lunchbox is broken and XX mends lunchbox.
Warm clothes becomes warm if warm clothes is cold and XX wears warm clothes.
Plumber's wrench becomes used if plumber's wrench is idle and XX uses plumber's wrench.
The cartridge becomes refilled if the cartridge is empty and XX replaces it.
The friend becomes the friend if the friend is the friend and XX greets him.
Food becomes spicy if spice to food is normal and XX adds spice to food.
The hair dryer becomes off if the hair dryer is running and XX unplugs it.
Pair of jeans becomes clean if pair of jeans is dirty and XX washes pair of jeans.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX empties it.
Child's seat becomes fixed if child's seat is unadjusted and XX adjusts child's seat.
Pearl necklace in locker becomes the safe if pearl necklace in locker is unsafe and XX keeps pearl necklace in locker.
The newspaper becomes stored if newspaper in store room is unstored and XX stores newspaper in store room.
Match box becomes packed if matches in match box is depleted and XX fills matches in match box.
Fluids become in one's stomach if fluids are in a glass and XX drinks them.
Pair of steel toed boots becomes being worn if pair of steel toed boots is empty and XX wears pair of steel toed boots.
The moth becomes dead if the moth is alive and XX kills it.
The parent becomes respected if the parent is disrespected and XX respects him.
Burnt out bulb becomes removed if burnt out bulb is installed and XX removes burnt out bulb.
Toy room becomes arranged if toy room is unarranged and XX arranges toy room.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
The flame becomes put out if the flame is flickering and XX puts out it.
The camera becomes filled if the camera is empty and XX reloads it.
Dishes become clean if dishes are dirty and XX tidies up them.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
The lid becomes closed if scanner's lid is unclosed and XX closes scanner's lid.
The board game becomes unused if the board game is used and XX replaces it.
The can becomes crushed if the can is round and XX recycles it.
The mask becomes used if the mask is unused and XX wears it.
Doors of the car becomes shut if doors of the car is open and XX closes doors of the car.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes in use if copy machine to copy a paper is the idol and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
The trip becomes off if the trip is on and XX cancels it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
The drumstick becomes eaten if the drumstick is uneaten and XX eats it.
Coat in hanger becomes occupied if coat in hanger is empty and XX hangs coat in hanger.
Tablelamp becomes on if tablelamp is off and XX lights tablelamp.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are whole and XX chops them.
Bottle of water in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
Peapod becomes eaten if peapod is uneaten and XX eats peapod.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Spelling of words becomes the right if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
The vegetable becomes chopped if the vegetable is whole and XX chops it.
Ear-ring becomes taken off if ear-ring is worn and XX wears ear-ring.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
The ball becomes not hitting one if the ball is hitting one and XX dodges it.
Winter coat in winter becomes on a person if winter coat in winter is in the closet and XX wears winter coat in winter.
The cutting board becomes sterilized if the cutting board is infested with bacteria and XX sterilizes it.
Portable vacuum becomes empty if portable vacuum is full and XX empties portable vacuum.
Pair of steel toed boots becomes worn if pair of steel toed boots is unworn and XX wears pair of steel toed boots.
The parcel becomes mailed if the parcel is unmailed and XX sends it.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
Diapers become clean if diapers are dirty and XX changes them.
Dinner becomes the mush if dinner is discrete items and XX eats it.
Box of detergent becomes thrown out if box of detergent is empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is whole and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
The seat belt becomes buckled if the seat belt is open and XX buckles it.
The letter becomes open if the letter is closed and XX opens it.
Hotel room becomes used if hotel room is unused and XX reserves hotel room.
Name plate becomes clean if name plate is dirty and XX wipes name plate.
Light becomes on if light is off and XX turns on it.
Seal of new batteries becomes open if seal of new batteries is closed and XX removes seal of new batteries.
The song becomes known if the song is unknown and XX teaches it.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is not arranged and XX arranges stack of paper.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX cooks it.
The flame becomes lit if the flame is not lit and XX lights it.
Post-it notes on the wall becomes on the wall if post-it notes on the wall is in the pad and XX sticks post-it notes on the wall.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is unhung and XX hangs boxing bag.
Meat becomes edible if meat is raw and XX cooks it.
Leather coat in winters becomes dry if leather coat in winters is wet and XX dries leather coat in winters.
The clock becomes the right if the clock is wrong and XX adjusts it.
Volume of music system becomes low if volume of music system is high and XX lowers volume of music system.
Ceiling light becomes off if ceiling light is on and XX turns off ceiling light.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Load of laundry becomes clean if load of laundry is dirty and XX washes load of laundry.
Files become in storage if files are available and XX archives them.
Cdrw becomes closed if cdrw is open and XX closes cdrw.
The bedsheet becomes removed if the bedsheet is the spread and XX removes it.
Potted flower becomes damp if potted flower is dry and XX waters potted flower.
Personal digital organizer becomes full if personal digital organizer is empty and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
Oil lamp becomes on if oil lamp is off and XX burns oil lamp.
Clothes become hung if clothes in wardrobe is unhung and XX hangs clothes in wardrobe.
Nails become short nails if nails are long nails and XX clips them.
Fresh meat becomes cooked if fresh meat is raw and XX cooks fresh meat.
Glass of water becomes empty if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
Salad becomes digested if salad is undigested and XX eats it.
The drink becomes very cold if the drink is cold and XX chills it.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is opened and XX screws lid on the jar.
Crafted object becomes crafted if the craft is unchanged or raw and XX learns it.
The child becomes calm if the child is agitated and XX calms him.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
Windows to let out fumes becomes open if windows to let out fumes is closed and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
Pen cap becomes tight if pen cap is loose and XX tightens pen cap.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
The cake becomes eaten if the cake is uneaten and XX serves it.
The leash becomes tightened if the leash is untightened and XX tightens it.
Bouncy-ball becomes empty if bouncy-ball is the flat and XX inflates bouncy-ball.
Recycling can to the curb becomes waiting for pickup of the recycling if recycling can to the curb is being available for use and XX takes recycling can to the curb.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
The nail becomes short if nail cutter gently is long and XX presses nail cutter gently.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX fills conditioner bottle.
The baby becomes playing if the baby is crying and XX takes care of him.
The footwear becomes worn if the footwear is new and XX wears it.
Bottle of beer becomes open if bottle of beer is closed and XX opens bottle of beer.
Lead becomes connected if lead is not connected and XX connects it.
The box becomes closed if the box is open and XX closes it.
Fresh carrot becomes eaten if fresh carrot is left alone and XX eats fresh carrot.
The hammock becomes hung if the hammock is unhung and XX hangs up it.
Ceiling light becomes on if ceiling light is unlit and XX turns on ceiling light.
Garbage in trash can becomes outside if garbage in trash can is the room and XX empties garbage in trash can.
Seal of new batteries becomes broken if seal of new batteries is new and XX opens seal of new batteries.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
Grades become high if grades are low and XX improves them.
The job becomes finished if the job is pending and XX performs it.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Leaking pipe becomes sealed if leaking pipe is leaking and XX replaces leaking pipe.
The game becomes exciting if the game is boring and XX watches it.
Painting becomes the still life if flower bouquet in drawing room is conceptual and XX keeps flower bouquet in drawing room.
The envelope becomes glued if envelope using glue is open and XX closes envelope using glue.
The fishing pole becomes long if the fishing pole is short and XX elongates it.
Rain coat becomes unfolded if rain coat is folded and XX puts on rain coat.
The tub becomes scrubbed if the tub is unscrubbed and XX scrubs it.
The detergent becomes the present if the detergent is absent and XX adds it.
The sponge becomes clean if the sponge is dirty and XX cleans it.
Plush animal becomes used if plush animal is new and XX strokes plush animal.
The seat belt becomes worn if the seat belt is unworn and XX fastens it.
Plate in kitchen sink becomes somewhere if plate in kitchen sink is nowhere and XX puts plate in kitchen sink.
The report becomes proofread if the report is unedited and XX proofreads it.
Pressure gauge periodically to check tire pressure becomes used if pressure gauge periodically to check tire pressure is unused and XX uses pressure gauge periodically to check tire pressure.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
Laundry softener becomes used if laundry softener is unused and XX refills laundry softener.
The junk mail becomes deleted if the junk mail is stored and XX throws away it.
The muffin becomes eaten if the muffin is uneaten and XX eats it.
The cigarette becomes short if the cigarette is long and XX smokes it.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
Keys become found if keys in proper location is lost and XX puts keys in proper location.
Plant pot becomes new if plant pot is old and XX replaces plant pot.
Plate in kitchen sink becomes somewhere if plate in kitchen sink is nowhere and XX puts plate in kitchen sink.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
The pocket becomes sewn if the pocket is ripped and XX stitches it.
Nail clipper becomes dirty if nail clipper is clean and XX cleans nail clipper.
Water becomes heated if water is unheated and XX heats it.
Lid of washing machine becomes up if lid of washing machine is down and XX opens lid of washing machine.
The tank becomes full if the tank is empty and XX fills it.
The server becomes rebooted if the server is on and XX restarts him.
Broken frame becomes useless if broken frame is used and XX discards broken frame.
Pasta becomes digested if pasta is whole and XX eats it.
Pajama bottom becomes filled if pajama bottom is folded and XX wears pajama bottom.
New diaper on the baby becomes used if new diaper on the baby is stored and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
Can of corn becomes empty if can of corn is full and XX consumes can of corn.
The lightbulb becomes new if the lightbulb is old and XX replaces it.
The tub becomes full if the tub is empty and XX fills it.
Movie poster becomes hung if movie poster is unhung and XX hangs movie poster.
The CD becomes moving if the CD is stationary and XX plays it.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is wet and XX dries piece of wood.
The shelter becomes open if the shelter is closed and XX opens it.
Juicer becomes clean if juicer is dirty and XX washes juicer.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
The doughnut becomes eaten if the doughnut is not eaten and XX eats it.
The napkin becomes clean if the napkin is dirty and XX washes it.
Long drive becomes long if long drive is short and XX enjoys long drive.
The tooth becomes brushed if the tooth is unbrushed and XX brushes it.
Scattered clothes for washing becomes gathered if scattered clothes for washing is strewn everywhere and XX gathers scattered clothes for washing.
The envelope becomes filled with a letter if the envelope is empty and XX mails it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX washes pile of laundry.
Windows become secured if windows are not secured and XX secures them.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX prepares it.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
Sugar in coffee becomes in the coffee if sugar in coffee is out of the coffee and XX puts sugar in coffee.
Ink cartridge becomes filled if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
Bag of money becomes secure if bag of money is at risk and XX safeguards bag of money.
The parcel becomes delivered if the parcel is not delivered and XX sends it.
Cable company for cable connection becomes busy if cable company for cable connection is free and XX calls cable company for cable connection.
The address becomes correct if address on the parcel is incorrect and XX corrects address on the parcel.
Chocolate pudding becomes prepared if chocolate pudding is ingredients and XX prepares chocolate pudding.
Bongo becomes played if bongo is being unplayed and XX plays bongo.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes clean if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
The bike becomes moving if the bike is still and XX rides it.
Data become accessed if data are unaccessed and XX uses them.
The bedsheet becomes placed if the bedsheet is unplaced and XX places it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Colors become organized if colors are out of order and XX coordinates them.
Roll of camera becomes outside if roll of camera is the inside and XX takes out roll of camera.
Hotel room becomes reserved if hotel room is available for rent and XX reserves hotel room.
The report becomes free of mistakes if the report is containing mistakes and XX proofreads it.
The floppy disk becomes formatted if the floppy disk is unformatted and XX formats it.
Potted tree becomes sated if potted tree is thirsty and XX waters potted tree.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
Sugar cookie becomes eaten if sugar cookie is uneaten and XX eats sugar cookie.
Baby stroller becomes folded out if baby stroller is compact and XX unfolds baby stroller.
Door mat becomes dry if door mat is wet and XX dries door mat.
Cloth line becomes filled with laundry if cloth line is unused and XX ties cloth line.
Flower pot becomes filled in if flower pot is empty and XX displays flower pot.
The pet becomes full if the pet is hungry and XX feeds it.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is on the floor and XX hangs boxing bag.
The floppy disk becomes saved if the floppy disk is not saved and XX preserves it.
Dog bone becomes eaten if dog bone is new and XX throws dog bone.
The score becomes higher if goal in soccer is lower and XX scores goal in soccer.
The blackboard becomes blank if blackboard before use is full and XX erases blackboard before use.
The soap dispenser becomes filled if the soap dispenser is empty and XX refills it.
Chalk board becomes clean if chalk board is dirty and XX wipes off chalk board.
The fruit becomes served if cherries are stored and XX serves them.
Load of laundry becomes collected if load of laundry is scattered and XX collects load of laundry.
The papaya becomes eaten if the papaya is not eaten and XX eats it.
The amplifier becomes turned down if the amplifier is turned up and XX turns down it.
The drawer becomes organized if the drawer is unorganized and XX organizes it.
The fly becomes not alive if the fly is alive and XX kills it.
Clothes become cleaned if clothes are dirty and XX cleans them.
Fishes of aquarium becomes fed if fishes of aquarium is hungry and XX feeds fishes of aquarium.
Diamond jewelery becomes warn if diamond jewelery is unworn and XX wears diamond jewelery.
The buckle becomes tied if the buckle is untied and XX ties it.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Creases become smooth if creases are wrinkled and XX irons out them.
Discman becomes on if discman to stereo is off and XX connects discman to stereo.
Spool of thread becomes rolled if spool of thread is unrolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The dollar becomes spent if the dollar is not spent and XX spends it.
Pills become moving if pills are the stable and XX throws them.
The coffee table becomes clean if the coffee table is dirty and XX wipes it.
The mug becomes clean if the mug is dirty and XX washes it.
Mail becomes opened if mail is unopened and XX opens it.
Blunt pencil becomes pointed if blunt pencil is dull and XX sharpens blunt pencil.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Eggs become cracked if eggs are not cracked and XX cracks them.
The rack becomes organized if the rack is messy and XX arranges it.
The wick becomes burning if citronella candle is not burning and XX lights citronella candle.
Cloth line becomes tied if cloth line is not tied and XX ties cloth line.
Name plate becomes cleaned if name plate is dusty and XX wipes name plate.
Daiquiri in refrigerator becomes cold if daiquiri in refrigerator is frozen and XX puts daiquiri in refrigerator.
Broken frame becomes fixed if broken frame is broken and XX repairs broken frame.
Jewelry chest for taking out jewelry becomes empty if jewelry chest for taking out jewelry is full and XX opens jewelry chest for taking out jewelry.
Bottle of beer becomes opened if bottle of beer is unopened and XX opens bottle of beer.
Clothes in wardrobe becomes full if clothes in wardrobe is empty and XX hangs clothes in wardrobe.
The flame becomes lit if the flame is unlit and XX lights it.
The gift becomes well packaged if gift with sheet of paper is loose and XX packs gift with sheet of paper.
Boxes to pack things becomes full if boxes to pack things is empty and XX uses boxes to pack things.
Conditioner bottle becomes empty if conditioner bottle is full and XX uses conditioner bottle.
The volume becomes softer if volume control is loud and XX turns down volume control.
Printing cartridge becomes installed if printing cartridge is uninstalled and XX replaces printing cartridge.
The patient becomes good if the doctor is bad and XX informs him.
Juicer becomes cleaned if juicer is uncleaned and XX washes juicer.
The trip becomes in progress if the trip is planned and XX goes on it.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Barbeque grill becomes hot if barbeque grill is cold and XX heats barbeque grill.
Persons body becomes protected from the suns rays if the sunscreen is unprotected and XX applies it.
The highchair becomes high if the highchair is low and XX adjusts it.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
The garlic becomes eaten if the garlic is whole and XX consumes it.
The mushroom becomes cooked if the mushroom is raw and XX cooks it.
The infant becomes comforted if the infant is uncomforted and XX comforts him.
Filet of fish becomes fry if filet of fish is uncook and XX cooks filet of fish.
The junk becomes out of sight if the junk is in view and XX removes it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
The pan becomes hot if the pan is cold and XX heats it.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Bicycle lock becomes unused if bicycle lock is used and XX replaces bicycle lock.
The baby becomes happy if the baby is unhappy and XX feeds him.
Letter envelope becomes open if letter envelope with hands is sealed and XX tears letter envelope with hands.
The briefcase becomes loaded if the briefcase is unloaded and XX loads it.
Food becomes served if food to people is prepared and XX serves food to people.
Pumpkin vegetable becomes picked if pumpkin vegetable is growing and XX picks pumpkin vegetable.
Iron frying pan becomes hot if iron frying pan is cold and XX heats iron frying pan.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes given if bunch of roses to someone is the gift and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
Ball of string becomes messy if ball of string is neat and XX unrolls ball of string.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
The doorknob becomes turned if the doorknob is unturned and XX pushes it.
Dinner table becomes filled with food if dinner is empty and XX serves it.
Broken glass bottle becomes nowhere if broken glass bottle is everywhere and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
Stainless steel sink becomes wet if stainless steel sink is dry and XX rinses stainless steel sink.
Papers become collated if papers are not collated and XX staples them.
The cat becomes full if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
Door bell button becomes in if door bell button is out and XX pushes door bell button.
Frozen meat becomes not frozen if frozen meat is frozen and XX microwaves frozen meat.
The birthday becomes remembered if the birthday is forgotten and XX celebrates it.
Memo for future use becomes stored if memo for future use is unstored and XX stores memo for future use.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
The piano becomes noisy if the piano is quiet and XX plays it.
Pencil lead becomes sharpened if blunt pencil is dull and XX sharpens blunt pencil.
The ravioli becomes cooked if the ravioli is raw and XX eats it.
Soup becomes the drunk if soup is there and XX drinks it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Load of laundry in the laundry basket becomes clean if load of laundry in the laundry basket is dirty and XX washes load of laundry in the laundry basket.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
Pot of tulips becomes wet if pot of tulips is dry and XX waters pot of tulips.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Curling iron becomes hotter if curling iron is the cooler and XX heats curling iron.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
Nail clipper becomes clean if nail clipper is dirty and XX cleans nail clipper.
The floor becomes cleaner if the floor is dirtier and XX mops it.
The stamp pad becomes wet if the stamp pad is dry and XX wets it.
Winter coat in winter becomes on a person if winter coat in winter is in the closet and XX wears winter coat in winter.
The sound becomes a known source if the sound is an unknown source and XX identifies it.
The omelette becomes digested if the omelette is whole and XX eats it.
Electric appliance becomes on if electric appliance is off and XX turns on electric appliance.
The trash can becomes empty if the trash can is full and XX empties it.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
Pot of plant becomes watered if pot of plant is unwatered and XX waters pot of plant.
Flower pot becomes displayed if flower pot is undisplayed and XX displays flower pot.
The ravioli becomes soft if ravioli before serving is hard and XX cooks ravioli before serving.
Clothes become donated if clothes to charity is owned and XX donates clothes to charity.
The cat becomes full if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
The report becomes ready if the report is unfinished and XX prepares it.
Steam cooker becomes cool if steam cooker from cooking gas is hot and XX removes steam cooker from cooking gas.
Tube of toothpaste becomes in the trash if tube of toothpaste is in the house and XX discards tube of toothpaste.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
The alarm becomes making noise if the alarm is silent and XX triggers it.
Seal of new batteries becomes open if seal of new batteries is closed and XX opens seal of new batteries.
The bicycle becomes fixed if the bicycle is broken and XX repairs it.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
The report becomes accurate if the report is full of mistakes and XX proofreads it.
The orange becomes dry if the orange is juicy and XX squeezes it.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
Frozen burrito becomes eaten if frozen burrito is uneaten and XX eats frozen burrito.
The generator becomes productive if the generator is unproductive and XX uses it.
The fish becomes clean if the fish is dirty and XX cleans it.
The detergent becomes used if the detergent is unused and XX adds it.
Strawberry daiquiri becomes taken if strawberry daiquiri is available and XX drinks strawberry daiquiri.
Dog bone becomes chased if dog bone is dogbone and XX takes away dog bone.
Spilled liquids becomes clean if spilled liquids is dirty and XX wipes up spilled liquids.
Potted tree becomes watered if potted tree is unwatered and XX waters potted tree.
The bee becomes freed if the bee is captured and XX lets out it.
Beetle killer becomes used if beetle killer is unused and XX uses beetle killer.
Teeth become clean if teeth are dirty and XX cleans them.
Bedsheet on the bed becomes on if bedsheet on the bed is off and XX spreads bedsheet on the bed.
The sunscreen becomes applied if the sunscreen is bottled and XX applies it.
Ink cartridge becomes full if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
The radiator becomes cool if the radiator is hot and XX cools it.
The spill becomes cleaned up if spill with a paper towel is messy and XX wipes spill with a paper towel.
Pair of pants becomes neat if pair of pants is wrinkled and XX irons pair of pants.
Side dish becomes gone if side dish is there and XX eats side dish.
Candy bowl with candy becomes full if candy bowl with candy is empty and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
Three piece suit becomes ironed if three piece suit is unironed and XX irons three piece suit.
The hair dryer becomes off if the hair dryer is running and XX unplugs it.
Card table becomes cleaned up if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
The reference book becomes usable if the reference book is used and XX consults it.
The piano becomes played if the piano is unplayed and XX plays it.
The computer game becomes on if the computer game is off and XX plays it.
Easter egg shell becomes colored if easter egg is white and XX paints easter egg.
The pot becomes hot if the pot is cool and XX heats it.
The orange becomes pealed if the orange is unpealed and XX peels it.
Coffee becomes served if coffee to person is unserved and XX serves coffee to person.
Tv shows become on if tv shows are off and XX watches them.
Cheese becomes eaten if cheese is uneaten and XX eats it.
Plant watering system becomes installed if plant watering system is uninstalled and XX installs plant watering system.
Valuables at safer place becomes more safe if valuables at safer place is less safe and XX stores valuables at safer place.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
The peach becomes eaten if the peach is intact and XX eats it.
The body spray becomes used if the body spray is new and XX uses it.
Clothes in wardrobe becomes full if clothes in wardrobe is empty and XX hangs clothes in wardrobe.
The rack becomes the order if the rack is messy and XX arranges it.
The bedpan becomes clean if the bedpan is dirty and XX empties it.
3 hole punch becomes working if 3 hole punch is resistant and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
The cake becomes the cut if the cake is whole and XX serves it.
Elastic band becomes tightened if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Recycling can becomes recycled if recycling can to the curb is not recycled and XX takes recycling can to the curb.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Police become on patrol if police are relaxed and XX calls them.
Dog bone becomes chased if dog bone is dogbone and XX takes away dog bone.
The CD becomes in use if the CD is not in use and XX plays it.
The sunscreen becomes applied if the sunscreen is bottled and XX wears it.
The reception desk becomes clean if the reception desk is dirty and XX cleans it.
Piece of art becomes seen if piece of art is made and XX admires piece of art.
The waffle becomes eaten if the waffle is whole and XX eats it.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
The bug becomes not being in the room if the bug is being in the room and XX removes it.
Pair of shoes becomes worn if pair of shoes is new and XX wears pair of shoes.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
The omelette becomes eaten if the omelette is whole and XX serves it.
Pickled cucumber becomes eaten if pickled cucumber is contained in a jar and XX eats pickled cucumber.
Diaper pail becomes emptier if diaper pail is fuller and XX empties diaper pail.
Clothes become dry if clothes are wet and XX hangs them.
The seat belt becomes secured if the seat belt is unsecured and XX fastens it.
The scorpion becomes not threatening if the scorpion is dangerous and XX avoids it.
Door mat in the correct position becomes dirty if door mat in the correct position is clean and XX places door mat in the correct position.
Frosted cake becomes eaten if frosted cake is edible and XX eats frosted cake.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
The butterfly becomes studied if the butterfly is unnoticed and XX watches it.
The calculator becomes on if the calculator is off and XX uses it.
Three piece suit becomes second hand if three piece suit is new and XX wears three piece suit.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is lit and XX extinguishes it.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
The processor becomes better if the microprocessor is original and XX upgrades it.
Nail clipper becomes clean if nail clipper is dirty and XX cleans nail clipper.
Flowers become broken if flowers are nice and XX throws them.
Visito becomes sitting if easy chair to visitor is standing and XX offers easy chair to visitor.
The floor becomes smooth if the floor is coarse and XX sands it.
Iron board for ironing becomes hot if iron board for ironing is cold and XX uses iron board for ironing.
The pickle becomes bitten if the pickle is whole and XX tastes it.
Plush animal becomes petted if plush animal is untouched and XX strokes plush animal.
Mail becomes checked if mail is unread and XX checks it.
Three piece suit becomes ironed if three piece suit is wrinkled and XX irons three piece suit.
The faucet becomes shut if the faucet is open and XX turns off it.
Height of baby chair becomes high if height of baby chair is low and XX adjusts height of baby chair.
Belt of  treadmill becomes tight if belt of  treadmill is loose and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
Breaker switch becomes closed if breaker switch is open and XX resets breaker switch.
Bag of potato chips becomes closed if bag of potato chips is open and XX seals bag of potato chips.
The drivers license becomes valid if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
Diaper area becomes cleaned if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
The alarm clock becomes silent if alarm clock after waking up is going off and XX turns off alarm clock after waking up.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX shampoos it.
Lacquer from floor becomes not on the floor if lacquer from floor is on the floor and XX cleans lacquer from floor.
The phone becomes answered if the phone is ringing and XX picks up it.
Bathroom shower becomes closed if bathroom shower is open and XX closes bathroom shower.
The number becomes active if the number is inactive and XX dials it.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is wet and XX dries piece of wood.
Room in hotel becomes reserved if room in hotel is free and XX books room in hotel.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX puts out it.
The article becomes read if the article is unread and XX reads it.
The meal becomes served if the meal is unserved and XX serves it.
Flowers become unrooted if flowers are rooted and XX plucks them.
Grapes become being digested if grapes are uneaten and XX eats them.
The shoelace becomes untied if the shoelace is tied and XX opens it.
Books in book shelf becomes organzied if books in book shelf is messy and XX arranges books in book shelf.
Door bell button becomes depressed if door bell button is normal and XX pushes door bell button.
Tv shows become on if tv shows are off and XX watches them.
Dollars become spent if dollars are saved and XX spends them.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is soiled and XX cleans it.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX warms up it.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
The lint becomes gone if the lint is abundant and XX removes it.
The houseplant becomes wet if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
The golf ball becomes moving if the golf ball is the stationery and XX hits it.
The lint becomes being off of the clothes if the lint is being on the clothes and XX removes it.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Pizza becomes cooked if pizza is raw and XX prepares it.
Beer bottle with opener becomes open if beer bottle with opener is unopened and XX opens beer bottle with opener.
Ice becomes solid if ice is liquid and XX freezes it.
Screen door becomes closed if screen door is open and XX closes screen door.
Milk becomes empty if milk is full and XX drinks it.
Family photo album becomes organized if family photo album is disorganized and XX arranges family photo album.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dusty and XX dusts it.
Ed portable heater becomes not so hot if portable heater is hot and XX turns down portable heater.
The purse becomes guarded if the purse is unguarded and XX safeguards it.
The lightbulb becomes lit if the lightbulb is burnt out and XX replaces it.
The torch becomes lit if the torch is inert and XX uses it.
Armoir becomes closed if armoir is open and XX closes armoir.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Grass becomes the trim if grass is overgrown and XX mows it.
Sunglasses become worn if sunglasses are unworn and XX wears them.
The goblet becomes clean if the goblet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The page becomes printed upon if the page is blank and XX prints it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is infected and XX cleanses it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
The floor becomes dry if the floor is wet and XX mops it.
Pair of pants in the closet becomes dry if pair of pants in the closet is wet and XX hangs pair of pants in the closet.
The stuffed animal becomes clean if the stuffed animal is dirty and XX washes it.
Antiseptic on bitten area becomes disinfected if antiseptic on bitten area is infected and XX applies antiseptic on bitten area.
Pajama bottom becomes worn by someone if pajama bottom is not worn and XX wears pajama bottom.
Software becomes installed if software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
The burger becomes cooked if the burger is uncooked and XX bakes it.
The photograph becomes exposed if the photograph is unexposed and XX shoots it.
Pair of pajamas becomes being worn if pair of pajamas is unworn and XX wears pair of pajamas.
Bottle of soda becomes cold if bottle of soda is warm and XX chills bottle of soda.
Piece of wood becomes the cut if piece of wood according to requirement is uncut and XX cuts piece of wood according to requirement.
Nail paint becomes dry if nail paint is wet and XX applies nail paint.
Important data becomes the safe if important data is unsafe and XX backs up important data.
Baby carrier becomes moving if baby carrier is still and XX pushes baby carrier.
Coffeemaker becomes usable if coffeemaker is unusable and XX turns on coffeemaker.
Jewelry becomes old if jewelry is new and XX wears it.
Box of laundry softener becomes full if box of laundry softener is empty and XX refills box of laundry softener.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are unassembled and XX assembles them.
Glass of water becomes empty if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
Curtains become open if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
The dish becomes eaten if the dish is uneaten and XX eats it.
Spaghetti becomes soft if spaghetti is hard and XX cooks it.
The cracker becomes pieces if the cracker is whole and XX eats it.
The christmas tree becomes decorated if the christmas tree is unused and XX decorates it.
Wheel chair becomes pushed if wheel chair is unpushed and XX pushes wheel chair.
The person becomes occupied if chess is idle and XX plays it.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
Boots become shiny if boots are dull and XX Polishes them.
The luggage becomes packed if the luggage is unpacked and XX packs it.
Corn chips becomes eaten if corn chips is uneaten and XX eats corn chips.
Police become informed if police are uninformed and XX informs them.
Money becomes not too too safe if money in locker is the safe and XX stores money in locker.
Food becomes concealed if food is exposed and XX covers it.
The cigarette becomes used if the cigarette is unused and XX smokes it.
Cup of coffee becomes empty if cup of coffee is full and XX drinks cup of coffee.
Weight bench becomes adjusted if weight bench is not adjusted and XX adjusts weight bench.
Pair of hiking boots becomes worn if pair of hiking boots is off and XX wears pair of hiking boots.
Clothes from washing machine becomes out if clothes from washing machine is in and XX takes out clothes from washing machine.
The room becomes the cooler if the temperature is warmer and XX lowers it.
Trash bag becomes unused if trash bag is used and XX carries trash bag.
Bottle of beer becomes cold if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
The leash becomes smaller if the leash is larger and XX tightens it.
The humidifier becomes on if the humidifier is off and XX uses it.
The door becomes unlocked if the door is locked and XX unlocks it.
Ac becomes on if ac is off and XX turns off ac.
The butterfly becomes gone if the butterfly is seen and XX watches it.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
Toy bricks becomes organized if toy bricks is in disarray and XX arranges toy bricks.
Umbrella in closet becomes unused if umbrella in closet is used and XX places umbrella in closet.
Baby seat becomes dry if baby seat is wet and XX dries baby seat.
Dodgeball becomes not dangerous if dodgeball is dangerous and XX avoids dodgeball.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
Workers become motivated if workers are unmotivated and XX motivates them.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
The aquarium becomes known if the aquarium is unknown and XX checks it.
The sponge becomes wet if the sponge is dry and XX dries out it.
Ear-ring becomes on if ear-ring is not on and XX wears ear-ring.
Kitchen stove becomes turned on if kitchen stove is turned off and XX uses kitchen stove.
The trunk becomes open if the trunk is closed and XX opens it.
Woolen clothes becomes ready to use if woolen clothes is normal and XX wears woolen clothes.
The golf ball becomes flying! if the golf ball is resting and XX hits it.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
The baby becomes quiet if the baby is crying and XX calms him.
Salad becomes eaten if salad is uneaten and XX eats it.
Wire stripper becomes sharp if wire stripper is blunt and XX sharpens wire stripper.
The present becomes unwrapped if the present is wrapped and XX unwraps it.
Load of laundry becomes washed if load of laundry is unwashed and XX washes load of laundry.
The knot becomes tied if the knot is non-existent and XX ties it.
Ac becomes on if ac is off and XX turns on ac.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
Bunch of roses becomes delivered if bunch of roses to someone is in transit and XX delivers bunch of roses to someone.
The peach becomes eaten if the peach is uneaten and XX eats it.
The cigar becomes snuffed if the cigar is lit and XX puts out it.
The present becomes unwrapped if the present is wrapped and XX unwraps it.
Nail cutter gently becomes being pressed if nail cutter gently is not being pressed and XX presses nail cutter gently.
The flame becomes put out if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
The car engine becomes running if the car engine is idle and XX STARTS it.
Bowl of soup on dinner table becomes empty if bowl of soup on dinner table is full of soup and XX serves bowl of soup on dinner table.
The orange becomes peeled if the orange is unpeeled and XX peels it.
Source of water becomes off if source of water is on and XX turns off source of water.
The parcel becomes sent if the parcel is unsent and XX mails it.
Greenbeans becomes cooked if greenbeans is raw and XX cooks greenbeans.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
The tree becomes wet if the tree is dry and XX waters it.
Gas pedal becomes depressed if gas pedal to accelerate is extended and XX pushes gas pedal to accelerate.
Pant suit becomes washed if pant suit is unwashed or washed and XX washes pant suit.
Pizza becomes cut in sections if pizza is whole and XX cuts it.
Fusebox becomes new if fusebox is old and XX replaces fusebox.
Shoelaces become tied if shoelaces are untied and XX ties them.
The trash can becomes lightweight if garbage in trash can is heavy and XX empties garbage in trash can.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is cooked and XX eats it.
The presentation becomes organized if the presentation is unorganized and XX prepares it.
Pizza becomes the cut if pizza is whole and XX cuts it.
Kiwi fruit becomes eaten if kiwi fruit is whole and XX eats kiwi fruit.
Food item becomes inedible if food item is edible and XX throws away food item.
Can of food becomes open if can of food is sealed and XX opens can of food.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
The omelette becomes cooked if the omelette is raw and XX prepares it.
Music system becomes on if music system is off and XX turns on music system.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
The baby becomes rocked if the baby is unrocked and XX rocks him.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
The toilet becomes scrubbed if the toilet is unscrubbed and XX scrubs it.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX cleans lint trap.
The magazine becomes shredded if the magazine is whole and XX recycles it.
Sandals become on one's feet if sandals are in a closet on the floor and XX wears them.
The tyre becomes repaired if the tyre is punctured and XX mends it.
Curtains become drawn if curtains are undrawn and XX draws them.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
Notebook battery becomes charged if notebook battery is discharged and XX recharges notebook battery.
The report becomes prepared if the report is unprepared and XX prepares it.
The trash becomes emptied if the trash is full and XX empties it.
Garbage bag in garbage can becomes empty if garbage bag in garbage can is filled and XX empties garbage bag in garbage can.
The floor mat becomes clean if the floor mat is dirty and XX cleans it.
The kite becomes high if the kite is low and XX flies it.
The seal becomes broken if the seal is the virgin and XX opens it.
The rug becomes cleaner if area rug is dirty and XX vacuums area rug.
Frozen dinner becomes edible if frozen dinner is frozen and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
The pool table becomes the level if the pool table is wobbly and XX levels it.
The pear becomes absent if the pear is the present and XX eats it.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
The wedding ring becomes special if the wedding ring is normal and XX engraves it.
Workers become motivated if workers are uncaring and XX motivates them.
Glass of orange juice becomes empty if glass of orange juice is full and XX drinks glass of orange juice.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Dying battery becomes the trash if dying battery is possessed and XX discards dying battery.
The dustbin becomes empty if the dustbin is full and XX empties it.
Pills become messed up if pills are organized and XX throws them.
Bottle of water in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
Coffeemaker becomes on if coffeemaker is off and XX turns on coffeemaker.
The briefcase becomes closed if the briefcase is open and XX closes it.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is wet and XX dries piece of wood.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are drained and XX charges them.
The coke becomes cold if the coke is warm and XX refrigerates it.
Wheel chair becomes moving if wheel chair is still and XX pushes wheel chair.
The person becomes talkative if the person is quiet and XX telephones him.
Warm clothes becomes worn on the body if warm clothes is hung in a closet and XX wears warm clothes.
The pool table becomes the flat if the pool table is tilted and XX levels it.
The cocktail becomes liquid if the cocktail is solid and XX mixes it.
Email becomes sent if email is the draft and XX sends it.
Broken frame becomes discarded if broken frame is in one's possession and XX discards broken frame.
The fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
Toilet scrubber with water becomes more clean if toilet scrubber with water is dirty and XX rinses toilet scrubber with water.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The book becomes held if the book is dropped and XX picks it.
Fishes become fed if fishes of aquarium is unfed and XX feeds fishes of aquarium.
Feet become clean if feet are dirty and XX washes them.
The hair clip becomes taut if the hair clip is loose and XX tightens it.
Clothes become put away if clothes are wrinkled and XX hangs them.
The stroller becomes ready to use if the stroller is stowed and XX unfolds it.
Platter before use becomes clean if platter before use is dirty and XX washes platter before use.
Cable company for cable connection becomes connected if cable company for cable connection is not connected and XX calls cable company for cable connection.
Boxes become close if boxes are open and XX closes them.
The flame becomes tall if the flame is small and XX lights it.
The lamp becomes dim if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
Binoculars in cupboard becomes away if binoculars in cupboard is out and XX keeps binoculars in cupboard.
Spaghetti becomes the energy if spaghetti is food and XX eats it.
The dice becomes moving if the dice is still and XX rolls it.
Electric appliance becomes on if electric appliance is off and XX turns on electric appliance.
The lace becomes tied if the lace is untied and XX ties it.
The drape becomes dry if the drape is wet and XX dries it.
The rack becomes organized if the rack is disorganized and XX arranges it.
The toilet becomes clean if the toilet is dirty and XX flushes it.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
The hutch becomes unlocked if the hutch is locked and XX unlocks it.
Kitchen gas becomes cold if kitchen gas is hot and XX turns off kitchen gas.
Golf clubs become new if golf clubs are old and XX replaces them.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
Bitten area becomes disinfected if antiseptic on bitten area is infected and XX applies antiseptic on bitten area.
Bunch of roses in vase becomes organized if bunch of roses in vase is scattered and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
Floor lamp becomes on if floor lamp is off and XX operates floor lamp.
The boiled egg becomes cooked if the boiled egg is raw and XX eats it.
The wound becomes disinfected if the wound is infected and XX cleanses it.
The string becomes two pieces if the string is one piece and XX cuts it.
Flower bouquet becomes accepted if flower bouquet is given and XX accepts flower bouquet.
Post-it note becomes read if post-it note is not read and XX reads post-it note.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
The floor becomes wet if the floor is dry and XX mops it.
The junk becomes out of sight if the junk is in view and XX removes it.
Spelling of words becomes spelled correctly if spelling of words is misspelled and XX corrects spelling of words.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The tricycle becomes smooth if the tricycle is creaky and XX oils it.
Papers become neat if papers are messy and XX gathers them.
The cookie becomes served if the cookie is not served and XX serves it.
Lead of pencil becomes a known quantity if lead of pencil is unknown and XX checks lead of pencil.
Food becomes hot if food is cold and XX warms up it.
The magazine becomes read if the magazine is not read and XX reads it.
Chocolate pudding becomes done if chocolate pudding is making and XX prepares chocolate pudding.
The driver becomes known if the driver is unknown and XX designates him.
An object becomes reclaimed if an object is lost and XX retrieves an object.
The waffle becomes devoured if the waffle is untouched and XX eats it.
Jar of peanut butter becomes empty if jar of peanut butter is full and XX consumes jar of peanut butter.
The trunk becomes locked if the trunk is open and XX locks it.
Pills become moving if pills are the stable and XX throws them.
Lawn chair becomes clean if lawn chair is dirty and XX cleans lawn chair.
The kitty becomes dry if the kitty is wet and XX dries it.
Pages become clipped if pages are intact and XX clips them.
The microwave becomes hot if the microwave is warm and XX turns on it.
Pair of trousers becomes clean if pair of trousers is dirty and XX washes pair of trousers.
Labels become attached if labels are detached and XX sticks them.
The tooth becomes out of the mouth if the tooth is in the mouth and XX pulls it.
Shoes become like new if shoes are scuffed and XX Polishes them.
The birthday becomes celebrated if the birthday is uncelebrated and XX celebrates it.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is unopened and XX opens it.
An infant becomes in your arms if an infant is on the floor and XX picks an infant.
The cockroach becomes squashed if the cockroach is squigling and XX kills it.
Vegetables become cut into pieces if vegetables are whole and XX chops them.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is whole and XX eats it.
Pair of steel toed boots becomes worn if pair of steel toed boots is not worn and XX wears pair of steel toed boots.
Music notes becomes heard if music notes is written on the page and XX plays music notes.
Pair of pants in the closet becomes hanging if pair of pants in the closet is on the floor and XX hangs pair of pants in the closet.
Frosted cake becomes served if frosted cake is unserved and XX serves frosted cake.
Hairbrush before using it becomes clean if hairbrush before using it is dirty and XX wipes hairbrush before using it.
Chairs in circular fashion becomes the circular if chairs in circular fashion is straight and XX arranges chairs in circular fashion.
The bicycle becomes fixed if the bicycle is in need of repair and XX repairs it.
Xmas tree becomes decorated if xmas tree is the plain and XX decorates xmas tree.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX pushes it.
Bottle of conditoner becomes empty if bottle of conditoner is full and XX consumes bottle of conditoner.
The desktop becomes tidy if the desktop is messy and XX organizes it.
The lullaby becomes heard if the lullaby is unheard and XX sings it.
The bulletin board becomes the current if the bulletin board is outdated and XX updates it.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
Flower basket becomes finished if flower basket is unfinished and XX weaves flower basket.
The job becomes finished if the job is unfinished and XX performs it.
Bulb when the room is dark becomes on if bulb when the room is dark is off and XX lights bulb when the room is dark.
The drumstick becomes eaten if the drumstick is uneaten and XX eats it.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is dirty and XX scrubs it.
The dirt becomes collected if the dirt is scattered and XX collects it.
Daiquiri becomes consumed if daiquiri is made and XX drinks daiquiri.
Clothes become on a person if clothes are in the closet and XX wears them.
Cdrw becomes written if cdrw is empty and XX writes cdrw.
The photograph becomes on display if the photograph is stored away and XX frames it.
The piano becomes played if player piano to play a music is unplayed and XX operates player piano to play a music.
Baby cup becomes clean if baby cup is dirty and XX cleans baby cup.
Gradebook becomes open if gradebook is closed and XX peruses gradebook.
Baby seat before placing baby becomes clean if baby seat before placing baby is dirty and XX cleans baby seat before placing baby.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is messy and XX tidies it.
The house plant becomes hydrated if the house plant is dry and XX waters it.
The croissant becomes eaten if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
Toys become being played with if toys to children for playing is not in use and XX gives toys to children for playing.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
The birthday cake becomes the mouth if the birthday cake is the table and XX eats it.
Cereal becomes soft if cereal is hard and XX eats it.
The placemat becomes clean if the placemat is dirty and XX cleans it.
Heavy tool becomes picked if heavy tool is lying and XX picks up heavy tool.
The gift becomes given if the gift is considered and XX gives it.
Cup and saucer becomes washed if cup and saucer is unwashed and XX washes cup and saucer.
Door of the dishwasher becomes ajar if door of the dishwasher is closed and XX opens door of the dishwasher.
Person who is bored becomes entertained if person who is bored is bored and XX entertains person who is bored.
The telephone becomes in use if the person is inactive and XX telephones him.
The tent becomes erected if the tent is packed and XX puts up it.
The bowl becomes clean if the bowl is soiled and XX washes it.
The dress becomes worn if the dress is unworn and XX wears it.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is grubby and XX cleans him.
Cooked food becomes cooked if cooked food is raq and XX provides cooked food.
The skin becomes protected if the sunscreen is unprotected and XX wears it.
Bicycle pump becomes used if bicycle pump is idle and XX uses bicycle pump.
Garbage bag becomes being moved if garbage bag is inert and XX picks garbage bag.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
The counter top becomes clean if the counter top is dirty and XX cleans it.
The cassette becomes in motion if the cassette is still and XX plays it.
Medicines become purchased if medicines are in the store and XX purchases them.
Fancy light becomes new if fancy light is old and XX replaces fancy light.
The tripod becomes fixed if the tripod is broken and XX repairs it.
Pickled cucumber becomes partly chewed if pickled cucumber is whole and XX eats pickled cucumber.
The belt becomes open if the belt is closed and XX opens it.
The suit becomes woren if the suit is new and XX wears it.
The text becomes read if text carefully is unread and XX reads text carefully.
Golf clubs become owned if golf clubs are unowned and XX has them.
Safety helmet becomes worn if safety helmet is unworn and XX wears safety helmet.
Fresh carrot before making salad becomes clean if fresh carrot before making salad is the dirt and XX washes fresh carrot before making salad.
Winter coat in winter becomes on a person if winter coat in winter is in the closet and XX wears winter coat in winter.
The ball becomes stopped if the ball is moving and XX stops it.
Visitor by opening the door becomes the inside if visitor by opening the door is outside and XX greets visitor by opening the door.
Spilled liquids becomes wiped if spilled liquids is unwiped and XX wipes up spilled liquids.
Baby shoes becomes secure if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The lamp becomes dim if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
The cutting board becomes sterilized if the cutting board is not sterilzed and XX sterilizes it.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX mops it.
Ball back becomes kicked if ball back is not kicked and XX kicks ball back.
Hand of baby becomes held if hand of baby is unheld and XX holds hand of baby.
Pair of baby shoes becomes disposed of if pair of baby shoes is used and XX replaces pair of baby shoes.
The jug becomes emptied if the jug is filled and XX empties it.
The camera becomes full if the camera is empty and XX reloads it.
The head becomes protected if safety helmet is unprotected and XX wears safety helmet.
Dvd disk becomes played if dvd disk is unplayed and XX plays dvd disk.
The message becomes received if the message is sent and XX receives it.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
The binder becomes closed if the binder is open and XX closes it.
The baton becomes shiney if the baton is dull and XX Polishes it.
The parcel becomes delivered if the parcel is not delivered and XX sends it.
Bag of corn chips becomes empty if bag of corn chips is full and XX consumes bag of corn chips.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
The flashlight becomes on if flashlight in the dark is off and XX carries flashlight in the dark.
The ball becomes in motion if the ball is stationary and XX picks up it.
The lawn becomes freshly cut if the lawn is too long and XX mows it.
Bedspread when not in use becomes folded if bedspread when not in use is unfolded and XX folds bedspread when not in use.
The meal becomes cooked if the meal is raw and XX cooks it.
Baby seat before placing baby becomes being clean if baby seat before placing baby is being dirty and XX cleans baby seat before placing baby.
The ring becomes worn if the ring is unworn and XX wears it.
The fire brigade becomes called if the fire brigade is uncalled and XX calls it.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are dead and XX charges them.
The amplifier becomes on if the amplifier is off and XX turns down it.
Mail becomes checked if mail is unchecked and XX checks it.
The detergent becomes on the clothes if the detergent is in the bottle and XX adds it.
The wall becomes filled if oil painting on the wall is empty and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
The coconut becomes broke open if the coconut is unbroken and XX breaks open it.
The trash becomes being taken out if the trash is being in and XX takes out it.
The plum becomes not whole if the plum is whole and XX eats it.
Three piece suit becomes ironed if three piece suit is wrinkled and XX irons three piece suit.
The plant becomes healthy if the plant is lacking nutrients and XX fertilizes it.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
Piece of cheese becomes non-existant if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
Curtains become closed if curtains are open and XX releases them.
The bee becomes being dead if the bee is being alive and XX kills it.
The ravioli becomes eaten if the ravioli is uneaten and XX eats it.
Chocolate becomes eaten if chocolate is uneaten and XX consumes it.
Food becomes eaten if french fries are uneaten and XX eats them.
Fresh carrot before making salad becomes clean if fresh carrot before making salad is the dirt and XX washes fresh carrot before making salad.
Coffee beans become pariculate if coffee beans are whole and XX grinds them.
Cdrw becomes closed if cdrw is open and XX closes cdrw.
Potato chips become being eaten if potato chips are not being eaten and XX eats them.
Gloves become worn if gloves are unworn and XX wears them.
Coffee becomes served if coffee to person is unserved and XX serves coffee to person.
Stack of paper becomes organized if stack of paper is disorganized and XX arranges stack of paper.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX fills conditioner bottle.
Curtains become clean if curtains are dirty and XX washes them.
Pretzels become buttered if pretzels with butter is the plain and XX serves pretzels with butter.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
The ornament becomes Polished if the ornament is dirty and XX Polishes it.
The safety belt becomes buckled if the safety belt is unbuckled and XX secures it.
The hair dryer becomes unpowered if the hair dryer is powered and XX unplugs it.
Salad becomes dressed if salad dressing is undressed and XX applies it.
Hairs become clean if hairs are dirty and XX washes them.
The scorpion becomes the location if the scorpion is the location and XX avoids it.
Leather satchel becomes slightly worn if leather satchel is new and XX carries leather satchel.
The counter becomes dry if the counter is greasy and XX cleans it.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes fresh if dirty clothes in laundry is stinky and XX cleans dirty clothes in laundry.
The hand becomes waving if the hand is by side and XX waves it.
Dollars become used if dollars are unused and XX spends them.
Platter before use becomes clean if platter before use is dusty and XX washes platter before use.
The counter becomes clean if the counter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Spaghetti becomes cooked if spaghetti is uncooked and XX cooks it.
Network hub becomes on if network hub is off and XX restarts network hub.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is uneaten and XX eats it.
Shoelaces become in a bow if shoelaces are loose and XX ties them.
Wash basket becomes empty if wash basket is full of clothes and XX unloads wash basket.
Papers become collected if papers are scattered and XX gathers them.
Computer display becomes brighter if computer display is dim and XX brightens computer display.
Dog dish becomes empty if dog dish to dog is full and XX feeds dog dish to dog.
Milk becomes tasted if milk is untasted and XX drinks it.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
The dustbin becomes barren if the dustbin is full and XX empties it.
Kitchen stove becomes hot if kitchen stove is cold and XX uses kitchen stove.
The fish becomes eaten if the fish is uneaten and XX eats it.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
The cookie becomes served if the cookie is not served and XX serves it.
Pills become swallowed if pills are not swallowed and XX takes them.
Printing cartridge becomes full if printing cartridge is empty and XX replaces printing cartridge.
Pills become moving if pills are the stable and XX throws them.
Loaf of bread becomes baked if loaf of bread is unbaked and XX bakes loaf of bread.
Lettuce head becomes being digested if lettuce head is growing in garden and XX eats lettuce head.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
Diaper rash cream on the baby becomes on the baby if diaper rash cream on the baby is in the container and XX applies diaper rash cream on the baby.
Information in disk drive becomes used if information in disk drive is empty and XX stores information in disk drive.
The envelope becomes sealed if the envelope is open and XX seals it.
The skin becomes clean if the skin is dirty and XX disinfects it.
The buckle becomes tied if the buckle is untied and XX ties it.
Wheel of fortune becomes active if wheel of fortune is inactive and XX rotates wheel of fortune.
The tyre becomes inflated if the tyre is deflated and XX inflates it.
Beetle killer becomes used if beetle killer is unused and XX uses beetle killer.
Pair of mittens becomes complete if pair of mittens is imagined and XX darns pair of mittens.
The DVD becomes loaded if the DVD is unloaded and XX loads it.
Three piece suit becomes straight if three piece suit is wrinkled and XX irons three piece suit.
Body's odour becomes the offensive if the garlic is normal and XX consumes it.
The plum becomes not whole if the plum is whole and XX eats it.
Olives become eaten if olives are uneaten and XX eats them.
Swiss cheese becomes eaten if swiss cheese is uneaten and XX eats swiss cheese.
Pair of pants in the closet becomes inside the closet if pair of pants in the closet is outside and XX hangs pair of pants in the closet.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes the cut if pumpkin at halloween is whole and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
The scrambled egg becomes eaten if the scrambled egg is prepared and XX eats it.
The instrument becomes played if the instrument is unplayed and XX plays it.
Piece of bread becomes refuse if piece of bread is food and XX throws away piece of bread.
The doctor becomes informed if the doctor is uninformed and XX informs him.
The motorcycle becomes moving if the motorcycle is stopped and XX drives it.
The medicine cabinet becomes empty if the medicine cabinet is full and XX empties it.
Contact lenses become worn if contact lenses are unworn and XX wears them.
Garbage bag becomes outside if garbage bag is in the house and XX throws garbage bag.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The dishwasher becomes running if the dishwasher is off and XX STARTS it.
Seat cushion becomes sewn up if seat cushion is ripped or torn and XX repairs seat cushion.
The sack becomes filled if the sack is empty and XX fills it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Pizza becomes sliced if pizza is uncut and XX cuts it.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX cleans them.
Headlines of the newspaper becomes read if headlines of the newspaper is unread and XX reads headlines of the newspaper.
Table cover on table becomes the room if table cover on table is the room and XX spreads table cover on table.
Clam clipper becomes tight if clam clipper is loose and XX tightens clam clipper.
Carton of eggs becomes empty if carton of eggs is full and XX consumes carton of eggs.
The address becomes updated if the address is old and XX updates it.
The band aid becomes in use if the band aid is unused and XX uses it.
Bicycle tyre becomes inflated if bicycle tyre is the flat and XX inflates bicycle tyre.
The telephone book becomes updated if the telephone book is outdated and XX updates it.
The lid becomes loose if the lid is affixed and XX unscrews it.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
The hat becomes being worn if the hat is not worn and XX wears it.
The presentation becomes made if the presentation is an idea and XX prepares it.
Beep becomes answered if beep is unanswered and XX answers beep.
Diapers become fresh if diapers are soiled and XX changes them.
Police become on call if police are off call and XX calls them.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are drained and XX charges them.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Kitty litter becomes freah if kitty litter is smelly and XX cleans kitty litter.
Children become quiet if children are screaming and XX calms them.
The parent becomes respected if the parent is disrespected and XX respects him.
Burnt out bulb becomes in the garbage if burnt out bulb is in the light socket and XX removes burnt out bulb.
Windows to let out fumes becomes closed if windows to let out fumes is open and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
The globe becomes known if the globe is unknown and XX examines it.
The photograph becomes developed if the photograph is undeveloped and XX develops it.
Halogen desk lamp becomes hot to the touch if halogen desk lamp is cool and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
Bunch of flowers becomes appreciated if bunch of flowers is unappreciated and XX enjoys bunch of flowers.
Purse with money becomes full if purse with money is empty and XX fills purse with money.
The visitor becomes paid attention to if the door is ignored and XX answers it.
The cake becomes consumed if the cake is uneaten and XX eats it.
The child becomes at the correct height if booster chair is too low and XX uses booster chair.
The sofa bed becomes closed if the sofa bed is open and XX closes it.
Pile of paper becomes another if pile of paper is one state and XX arranges pile of paper.
Gas range becomes off if gas range when not in use is on and XX turns off gas range when not in use.
The front door becomes open if the front door is closed and XX closes it.
Glass of tea becomes empty if glass of tea is full and XX drinks glass of tea.
The hinge becomes tight if the hinge is loose and XX tightens it.
Bag of money becomes protected if bag of money is unprotected and XX safeguards bag of money.
The floppy disk becomes saved if the floppy disk is unsaved and XX preserves it.
The trash becomes out of the bin if the trashbin is in the bin and XX empties it.
Dodgeball becomes not dangerous if dodgeball is dangerous and XX avoids dodgeball.
Files become the safe if files in safe place is not safe and XX keeps files in safe place.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX mops it.
The cockroach becomes dead if anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach is alive and XX uses anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach.
Leaking pipe becomes fixed if leaking pipe is leaking and XX fixes leaking pipe.
The alarm becomes loud if the alarm is quiet and XX triggers it.
Can of soda becomes the drunk if can of soda is available and XX drinks can of soda.
Door of refrigerator becomes open if door of refrigerator is closed and XX opens door of refrigerator.
The bib becomes cleaned if the bib is filthy and XX cleans it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX puts out it.
Workers become motivated if workers are unmotivated and XX motivates them.
Tennis shoe becomes old if tennis shoe is new and XX wears tennis shoe.
Door mat becomes dry if door mat is wet and XX dries door mat.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
The photograph becomes used if the photograph is unused and XX shoots it.
Pacifier to baby becomes given if pacifier to baby is not given and XX gives pacifier to baby.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
The hutch becomes unlocked if the hutch is locked and XX unlocks it.
Jewelry in the jewelry chest becomes the safe if jewelry in the jewelry chest is unsafe and XX keeps jewelry in the jewelry chest.
The body spray becomes applied if the body spray is waiting to be applied and XX uses it.
Door at night becomes locked if door at night is unlocked and XX locks door at night.
Electric appliance becomes on if electric appliance is off and XX turns on electric appliance.
The eggplant becomes eaten if the eggplant is fresh and XX eats it.
The kiwi becomes observed if the kiwi is un noticed and XX watches it.
Parts of soda bottle becomes clean if parts of soda bottle is dirty and XX cleans parts of soda bottle.
The guitar becomes in tune if the guitar is out of tune and XX tunes it.
The floor becomes dry if the floor is wet and XX mops it.
Kitchen range becomes on if kitchen range is off and XX turns on kitchen range.
Date stamp becomes wet if date stamp is dry and XX inks date stamp.
Clothes line becomes taut if clothes line is slack and XX installs clothes line.
The vehicle becomes the drive if the vehicle is parked and XX rides it.
The basin becomes used if the basin is unused and XX uses it.
The oven becomes preheated if appropriate temperature is unset and XX sets appropriate temperature.
Wash basket becomes empty if wash basket is full and XX unloads wash basket.
The toilet becomes fresh if the toilet is used and XX flushes it.
Important papers becomes seen if important papers is unseen and XX prints out important papers.
Glass of water becomes empty if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
Grocery list becomes checked off if groceries are full and XX picks them.
First aid box becomes available if first aid box is unused and XX takes out first aid box.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
Fruits in bowl becomes eaten if fruits in bowl is available and XX eats fruits in bowl.
The cucumber becomes peeled if the cucumber is whole and XX peels it.
The coin becomes in the hand if the coin is on the table and XX picks up it.
Discman becomes connected if discman is unconnected and XX connects discman.
Diamond in a safe place becomes secured if diamond in a safe place is being unsecured and XX stores diamond in a safe place.
Walls and floor becomes clean(er) if walls and floor is possibly dirty and XX wipes off walls and floor.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
The compactor becomes empty if the compactor is full and XX empties it.
Water tap filter becomes fixed if water tap filter is broken and XX replaces water tap filter.
Bag of potato chips becomes sealed if bag of potato chips is unsealed and XX seals bag of potato chips.
The newspaper becomes recycled if the newspaper is used and XX recycles it.
The bunny becomes chosen if the bunny is unpicked and XX picks it.
Tasty choclate becomes eaten if tasty choclate is uneaten and XX eats tasty choclate.
The golf ball becomes moving if the golf ball is the stationery and XX hits it.
Sushi becomes eaten if sushi is uneaten and XX eats it.
The cut becomes covered if band aid on cut is uncovered and XX applies band aid on cut.
Long drive becomes being enjoyed if long drive is not being enjoyed and XX enjoys long drive.
Hiking backpack becomes been carried if hiking backpack is not been carried and XX carries hiking backpack.
The houseplant becomes healthy if the houseplant is dying and XX waters it.
Rose pot everyday becomes watered if rose pot everyday is dry and XX waters rose pot everyday.
Boots become shinny if boots are dusty and XX Polishes them.
Sheets become folded if sheets are messy and XX folds them.
The dartboard becomes changed state if the dartboard is present state and XX lowers it.
The sickle becomes sharp if the sickle is dull and XX sharpens it.
Wet floor becomes dry if wet floor is wet and XX wipes wet floor.
Note pad becomes being in ones hand if note pad is setting on table and XX gets note pad.
The globe becomes studied if the globe is not observed and XX examines it.
Hand made items becomes sold if hand made items is unsold and XX buys hand made items.
The coin becomes saved if the coin is unsaved and XX saves it.
Movie dvd becomes clean if movie dvd is dirty and XX cleans movie dvd.
Slippers become worn if slippers are unused and XX wears them.
Toasted bread becomes toasted if toasted bread is untoasted and XX eats toasted bread.
The jelly becomes consumed if the jelly is unconsumed and XX eats it.
Pair of glasses becomes new if pair of glasses is old and XX replaces pair of glasses.
Music system becomes on if music system is off and XX turns on music system.
Box of cereal becomes open if box of cereal is unopened and XX uses box of cereal.
Stationary becomes bought by the customer if stationary is at the store and XX buys stationary.
The chocolate bar becomes digested if the chocolate bar is uneaten and XX eats it.
The job becomes completed if the job is undone and XX performs it.
The newspaper becomes useles if the newspaper is readable and XX recycles it.
The meal becomes ready if the meal is unprepared and XX serves it.
The paper becomes copied if paper to be photocopied is uncopied and XX photocopies paper to be photocopied.
The table becomes cleaned if table before setting the table is uncleaned and XX cleans table before setting the table.
The spider becomes not on the wall if spider from wall is on the wall and XX removes spider from wall.
Windows become covered if windows with curtains is uncovered and XX covers windows with curtains.
Eggs become beaten if eggs are whole and XX mixes them.
Coat hanger to hang coat becomes used if coat hanger to hang coat is empty and XX uses coat hanger to hang coat.
The compactor becomes clean if the compactor is full and XX clears out it.
The mug becomes clean if the mug is dirty and XX washes it.
Halogen desk lamp becomes on if halogen desk lamp is off and XX turns on halogen desk lamp.
Pair of speakers becomes mounted if pair of speakers is unmounted and XX mounts pair of speakers.
Tasty choclate becomes eaten if tasty choclate is in the wrapper and XX eats tasty choclate.
The suitcase becomes tidy if the suitcase is untidy and XX arranges it.
Chinese checkers board becomes open and used if chinese checkers board is closed and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Clothes become clean if dirty clothes to laundry is dirty and XX delivers dirty clothes to laundry.
The kitty becomes dry if the kitty is wet and XX dries it.
Shower rod becomes installed if shower rod is being uninstalled and XX installs shower rod.
The rope becomes tied if the rope is untied and XX ties it.
Jam jar becomes empty if jam is full and XX consumes it.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes sanitary if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Children become full if children are hungry and XX feeds them.
Dinner table becomes filled with food if dinner is empty and XX serves it.
The dress becomes hung up if the dress is not hung and XX hangs it.
Labels become printed if labels are blank and XX prints them.
The garbage can becomes full if garbage is empty and XX empties it.
The sofa bed becomes a bed if the sofa bed is a sofa and XX closes it.
Toilet scrubber becomes cleaner if toilet scrubber with water is dirty and XX rinses toilet scrubber with water.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns off it.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX warms up it.
Toy bricks becomes organized if toy bricks is disorganized and XX arranges toy bricks.
The board game becomes being played if the board game is unused and XX plays it.
The clock becomes the wound if the clock is unwound and XX rewinds it.
The spatula becomes used if the spatula is unused and XX uses it.
First aid box becomes in use if first aid box is put away and XX takes out first aid box.
Cough syrup becomes taken if cough syrup is untaken and XX takes cough syrup.
The shower becomes on if bathroom shower is off and XX operates bathroom shower.
Toys to children for playing becomes given if toys to children for playing is not given and XX gives toys to children for playing.
Computer files onto disks becomes backed up if computer files onto disks is unbacked up and XX copies computer files onto disks.
First aid kit becomes in use if first aid kit is stowed and XX gets first aid kit.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
Potted flower becomes wet if potted flower is dry and XX waters potted flower.
Music system becomes blaring if music system is silent and XX turns on music system.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is stationary and XX kicks it.
Software becomes installed if software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
The bin becomes closed if the bin is open and XX closes it.
Door of the car becomes locked if door of the car is unlocked and XX locks door of the car.
Papers become organised if papers are unorganised and XX arranges them.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
The face becomes clean if the face is dirty and XX washes it.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX pushes it.
Pot of tulips becomes healthy if pot of tulips is wilting and XX takes care of pot of tulips.
Bottle of beer becomes cold if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
All exits becomes secured if all exits is unsecured and XX guards all exits.
Kitchen stove becomes ambient temperature if kitchen stove is hot temperature and XX turns off kitchen stove.
The bike becomes in motion if the bike is still and XX rides it.
Flowers become thrown away if flowers are used and XX replaces them.
The tent becomes erected if the tent is packed and XX puts up it.
Ice becomes solid if ice is liquid and XX freezes it.
Pool table in game room becomes clean if pool table in game room is dirty and XX cleans pool table in game room.
The easel becomes dry if the easel is wet and XX dries it.
3 hole punch becomes slick if 3 hole punch is creaky and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
The shower becomes wet if the shower is dry and XX takes it.
Box of detergent becomes full if box of detergent is empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX unloads it.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Rollerskates becomes cleaned if rollerskates is dirty and XX cleans rollerskates.
People to sit becomes happy if people to sit is tired and XX asks people to sit.
The person becomes feeling safe if the person is feeling unsafe and XX guards him.
Litter pan becomes clean if litter pan is dirty and XX empties litter pan.
The wreath becomes being hung if the wreath is idle and XX hangs it.
Memo for future use becomes the safe if memo for future use is unsafe and XX stores memo for future use.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
The flame becomes lit if the flame is extinguished and XX lights it.
Paint becomes applied if paint is not applied and XX applies it.
Bread becomes sliced if bread is whole and XX slices it.
The handle becomes in motion if the handle is stationary and XX cranks it.
The scarf becomes worn if the scarf is folded and XX puts on it.
The message becomes delivered if the message is undelivered and XX delivers it.
The password becomes new if the password is original and XX changes it.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
Important data becomes protected against loss if important data is vulnerable to loss and XX backs up important data.
The picture becomes hung if the picture is unhung and XX hangs it.
Anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach becomes used if anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach is unused and XX uses anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach.
Pants before wearing becomes ironed if pants before wearing is not ironed and XX irons pants before wearing.
The trip becomes off if the trip is on and XX cancels it.
Bathroom sink becomes locked if bathroom sink is empty and XX uses bathroom sink.
The mop becomes put away if the mop is in use and XX stores it.
The flute becomes the musical if the flute is silent and XX plays it.
Ingredients in right proportion becomes mixed if ingredients in right proportion is unmixed and XX mixes ingredients in right proportion.
The paintbrush becomes dry if the paintbrush is wet and XX dries it.
The door becomes open if the doorknob is closed and XX pushes it.
The yarn becomes gathered if the yarn is ungathered and XX gathers it.
Toys become used if toys are not used and XX picks up them.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
The flame becomes put out if the flame is burning and XX puts out it.
The ball becomes in the goal if goal in soccer is on the field and XX scores goal in soccer.
The phone becomes clear connection if the phone is the static and XX recharges it.
Plush animal becomes used if plush animal is new and XX strokes plush animal.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Piece of cake in refrigerator becomes cool if piece of cake in refrigerator is warm and XX puts piece of cake in refrigerator.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
The patient becomes the stable if medicines regularly to the patient is showing symptoms and XX gives medicines regularly to the patient.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX pushes it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes played if baritone brass instrument is put away and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Lighting becomes increased if lighting is normal and XX increases it.
Vegetable in refrigerator becomes cool if vegetable in refrigerator is room temperature and XX stores vegetable in refrigerator.
The fishing pole becomes good if the fishing pole is bad and XX elongates it.
The child becomes quiet if the child is the upset and XX calms him.
Plastic becomes useful if plastic is the trash and XX recycles it.
Bar of soap becomes dry if bar of soap is wet and XX dries out bar of soap.
The knife becomes away if the knife is out and XX puts away it.
The bandage becomes dry if the bandage is wet and XX dries it.
Police become the present if police are absent and XX calls them.
Bowl of soup on dinner table becomes empty if bowl of soup on dinner table is full of soup and XX serves bowl of soup on dinner table.
Cdrw becomes closed if cdrw is open and XX closes cdrw.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX cleans them.
The dishwasher becomes on if the dishwasher is off and XX STARTS it.
The driver becomes known if the driver is unknown and XX designates him.
The mug becomes full if the mug is empty and XX fills it.
Photographs become organized if photographs in album is loose and XX puts photographs in album.
The piano becomes played if the piano is unplayed and XX plays it.
Files become updated if files are outdated and XX updates them.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
Platter before use becomes clean if platter before use is dirty and XX washes platter before use.
The steak becomes eaten if the steak is uneaten and XX eats it.
Bunch of tulips becomes in the garbage can if bunch of tulips is in the vase and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
The kitchen table becomes cleared if the kitchen table is the set and XX clears it.
Night lamp becomes lit if night lamp is unlit and XX turns on night lamp.
The hanger becomes straight if the hanger is bent and XX straightens it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Milk becomes having been drunk if milk is not drunk and XX drinks it.
The bracelet becomes purchased if the bracelet is unpurchased and XX buys it.
The laundry becomes washed if the laundry is unwashed and XX does it.
The kite becomes high if the kite is low and XX flies it.
The visitor becomes greeted if visitor's hand is ungreeted and XX shakes visitor's hand.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
Meat becomes the ground if meat into the grinder is whole and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
The burner becomes off if the burner is on and XX turns off it.
Burnt out bulb becomes recycled if burnt out bulb is useless and XX removes burnt out bulb.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
Salt becomes used if salt is unused and XX adds it.
Collar on dog becomes tight if collar on dog is loose and XX ties collar on dog.
The pickle becomes nibbled if the pickle is whole and XX tastes it.
The bungee cord becomes short if the bungee cord is long and XX shortens it.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
The fan becomes still if the fan is moving and XX shuts off it.
Sealing tape becomes used if sealing tape is unused and XX applies sealing tape.
The sack becomes full if the sack is empty and XX fills it.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
The bike becomes broken if the bike is nice and XX hits it.
Slice of watermelon becomes eaten if slice of watermelon is uneaten and XX eats slice of watermelon.
Stuffed rabbit becomes clean if stuffed rabbit is dirty and XX dusts stuffed rabbit.
Game board becomes played if game board is free and XX plays game board.
Books in book shelf becomes organzied if books in book shelf is messy and XX arranges books in book shelf.
The cocktail becomes the drink if the cocktail is the drink and XX drinks it.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX hugs him.
The body becomes clean if the body is grimy and XX washes it.
Can of peaches becomes eaten if can of peaches is uneaten and XX eats can of peaches.
Windows become closed if windows are open and XX closes them.
Appropriate temperature becomes cold if appropriate temperature is hot and XX sets appropriate temperature.
Sugar in coffee becomes liquid if sugar in coffee is solid and XX puts sugar in coffee.
The wall becomes clean if the wall is dirty and XX cleans it.
Tasty choclate becomes eaten if tasty choclate is uneaten and XX eats tasty choclate.
The commode becomes used if the commode is unused and XX uses it.
The pickle becomes tasted if the pickle is untasted and XX tastes it.
Lights become off if lights are on and XX turns off them.
The cracker becomes chewed if the cracker is whole and XX eats it.
The room becomes unfamiliar if the room is familiar and XX arranges it.
The dishwasher becomes full if the dishwasher is empty and XX empties it.
The display becomes seen if the display is unseen and XX watches it.
Roses become smelled if roses are unsmelled and XX smells them.
The sink becomes empty if the sink is full and XX empties it.
The suitcase becomes tidy if the suitcase is untidy and XX arranges it.
The tire becomes inflated if the tire is the flat and XX inflates it.
Expensive appliances becomes off if expensive appliances is on and XX unplugs expensive appliances.
The rope becomes used if the rope is unused and XX uses it.
The tire becomes filled if bicycle pump is the flat and XX uses bicycle pump.
The meeting becomes full if the meeting is empty and XX attends it.
Flashlight in the dark becomes carried if flashlight in the dark is not carried and XX carries flashlight in the dark.
Peapod becomes chewed if peapod is whole and XX eats peapod.
Pair of gloves becomes used if pair of gloves is unused and XX wears pair of gloves.
Pair of sunglasses becomes worn if pair of sunglasses is folded and XX puts on pair of sunglasses.
Oil lamp becomes on if oil lamp is off and XX burns oil lamp.
Three piece suit becomes used if three piece suit is unworn and XX wears three piece suit.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
The cucumber becomes eaten if the cucumber is uneaten and XX eats it.
Gym machines becomes being used if gym machines is idle and XX operates gym machines.
Cabinets become secure if cabinets are unsecure and XX locks them.
The cell phone becomes answered if the cell phone is unanswered and XX answers it.
The piano becomes used if the piano is unused and XX plays it.
Can of soup becomes cool if can of soup is warm and XX cools can of soup.
The soccer ball becomes kicked if the soccer ball is not kicked and XX kicks it.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Water becomes non-running if water supply tap is running and XX shuts off water supply tap.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
The drink becomes the minimum if cold drink fast is maximum and XX drinks cold drink fast.
The person becomes active if circuit breaker panel is resting and XX checks circuit breaker panel.
Accoustic guitar becomes tight if accoustic guitar is loose and XX tightens accoustic guitar.
The letter becomes stamped if the letter is unstamped and XX stamps it.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
Piece of paper for future purpose becomes stored away if piece of paper for future purpose is exposed and XX stores piece of paper for future purpose.
Pair of mittens becomes used if pair of mittens is unused and XX darns pair of mittens.
Pile of paper becomes straightened if pile of paper is chaotic and XX arranges pile of paper.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Serving knife before use becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
The salmon becomes cooked if the salmon is raw and XX eats it.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is not paid and XX pays him.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
All exits becomes secure if all exits is insecure and XX guards all exits.
Portable scale becomes accurate if portable scale is uncalibrated and XX calibrates portable scale.
The soccer ball becomes still if soccer ball with feet is moving and XX stops soccer ball with feet.
Washbasin becomes drained if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
Bundle of yarn becomes untangled if bundle of yarn is tangled and XX untangles bundle of yarn.
Stainless steel sink becomes wet if stainless steel sink is dry and XX rinses stainless steel sink.
Baby cup before reusing becomes clean if baby cup before reusing is dirty and XX washes baby cup before reusing.
Halogen desk lamp becomes on if halogen desk lamp is off and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
The bow tie becomes used if the bow tie is new and XX wears it.
Bag of money becomes the safe if bag of money is unsafe and XX safeguards bag of money.
The trunk becomes locked if the trunk is unlocked and XX locks it.
Stack of paper becomes neat if stack of paper is messy and XX arranges stack of paper.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Dishes become secured if dishes firmly is unsecured and XX holds dishes firmly.
The dog becomes paid attention to (petted) if the dog is ignored and XX pets it.
Piece of wood according to requirement becomes just right if piece of wood according to requirement is too long and XX cuts piece of wood according to requirement.
Dishes become cleaned up if dishes are unorganized and XX tidies up them.
The blade becomes sharpened if the blade is blunt and XX sharpens it.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
Computer files onto disks becomes copied if computer files onto disks is uncopied and XX copies computer files onto disks.
Bill becomes the month if Bill is the month and XX pays him.
The child becomes occupied if the child is bored and XX entertains him.
The christmas tree becomes decorated if the christmas tree is unused and XX decorates it.
Bottle of conditoner becomes full if bottle of conditoner is empty and XX refills bottle of conditoner.
Pair of pants in the closet becomes in the closet if pair of pants in the closet is out of the closet and XX hangs pair of pants in the closet.
The baby becomes the content if the baby is unhappy and XX rocks him.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is not arranged and XX arranges stack of paper.
Necklace in safe becomes locked away if necklace in safe is unsecured and XX keeps necklace in safe.
Salad becomes flavorful if salad dressing is bland and XX serves it.
Briefcase properly becomes organized if briefcase properly is unorganized and XX arranges briefcase properly.
Curtains become clean if curtains are dirty and XX washes them.
Changing table becomes occupied if changing table is empty and XX uses changing table.
Can of food becomes open if can of food is closed and XX opens can of food.
The image becomes crisp if the slide projector is blurry and XX focuses it.
House coat becomes clean if house coat is dirty and XX washes house coat.
The cigarette becomes lit if the cigarette is unlit and XX lights it.
The workbench becomes used if the workbench is unused and XX uses it.
The manager becomes worried if the manager is unworried and XX calls him.
Bowling ball in the bowling alley becomes rolling if bowling ball in the bowling alley is stationary and XX throws bowling ball in the bowling alley.
The scarf becomes the person if the scarf is the person and XX puts on it.
The computer screen becomes clean if the computer screen is dirty and XX cleans it.
Jar of jam becomes open if jar of jam is closed and XX opens jar of jam.
Bicycle lock becomes new if bicycle lock is old and XX replaces bicycle lock.
The toilet becomes clean if the toilet is dirty and XX flushes it.
The suit becomes the worm if the suit is unworn and XX wears it.
Organizing bin becomes not if organizing bin is organized and XX arranges organizing bin.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes useful if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is unused and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
The key becomes duplicated if the key is unduplicated and XX duplicates it.
The envelope becomes mailed if the envelope is unmailed and XX mails it.
The aspirin becomes taken if the aspirin is untaken and XX takes it.
The body spray becomes the mist if the body spray is the spray and XX uses it.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX wears it.
The lemon becomes juiced if the lemon is whole and XX squeezes it.
Dinner becomes eaten if dinner is on the plate and XX eats it.
Papers become organized if papers are messed up and XX arranges them.
The scrambled egg becomes eaten if the scrambled egg is uneaten and XX eats it.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes presented if bunch of roses to someone is not presented and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
Computer desk becomes clean if computer desk is messy and XX cleans computer desk.
Card table becomes organized if card table is disorganized and XX tidies card table.
The fuse becomes on if the fuse is off and XX checks it.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
The text becomes read if the text is unread and XX reads it.
Pile of laundry becomes ironed if pile of laundry is wrinkled and XX irons pile of laundry.
Weather becomes known if weather is unknown and XX checks it.
Spaghetti becomes cooked if spaghetti is uncooked and XX cooks it.
The woman becomes married if the woman is the single and XX marries her.
The floppy disk becomes saved if the floppy disk is unsaved and XX preserves it.
Meat into the grinder becomes grinded if meat into the grinder is not grinded and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
Can of sauce becomes eaten if can of sauce is uneaten and XX consumes can of sauce.
The friend becomes assisted if the friend is in need and XX helps him.
Basket ball becomes pumped up if basket ball is the flat and XX inflates basket ball.
Tv programme becomes viewed if tv programme is not watched and XX enjoys tv programme.
The floor becomes vacuumed if the floor is dusty and XX vacuums it.
Paper tray becomes full if papers in paper tray is empty and XX keeps papers in paper tray.
Rose pot becomes drowned if rose pot everyday is dry or healthy and XX waters rose pot everyday.
Woolen clothes becomes ready to use if woolen clothes is normal and XX wears woolen clothes.
The tuxedo becomes clean if the tuxedo is dirty and XX dry-cleans it.
The person becomes occupied if the person is unoccupied and XX telephones him.
Dust-pan becomes empty if dust-pan is full and XX empties dust-pan.
Cherries into chocolate becomes coated if cherries into chocolate is uncoated and XX dips cherries into chocolate.
Warm clothes becomes used if warm clothes is put away and XX wears warm clothes.
The tie becomes untied if the tie is tied and XX loosens it.
The frame becomes mended if broken frame is broken and XX repairs broken frame.
The wreath becomes displayed if the wreath is stored away and XX hangs it.
The body becomes clean if the body is dirty and XX washes it.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
The suit becomes worn if the suit is unworn and XX wears it.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
Cloth line becomes fastened if cloth line is loose and XX ties cloth line.
Wall calendar becomes in the bin if wall calendar is hung and XX replaces wall calendar.
The orange becomes eaten if the orange is uneaten and XX eats it.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The lawn becomes nicely trimmed if the lawn is overgrown and XX mows it.
Satellite receiver becomes set up if satellite receiver is packaged and XX installs satellite receiver.
The pill becomes swallowed if the pill is untaken and XX takes it.
The pollen becomes not bothering the person if the pollen is bothering the person and XX avoids it.
Lampshade becomes clean if lampshade is dusty and XX dusts lampshade.
Coatstand becomes straight if coatstand is crooked and XX straightens coatstand.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
Bar of soap becomes dry if bar of soap is wet and XX dries out bar of soap.
The bookshelf becomes organized if the bookshelf is unorganized and XX organizes it.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is uncarved and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Filet of fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is uncooked and XX cooks filet of fish.
The report becomes good if the report is bad and XX proofreads it.
Baby shoes becomes secure if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The textbook becomes read if the textbook is unread and XX reads it.
Piece of art becomes seen if piece of art is unseen and XX views piece of art.
The toilet becomes sanitized if the toilet is unsanitized and XX scrubs it.
The musical instrument becomes tuned if the musical instrument is untuned and XX tunes it.
The cake becomes sliced if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
The shirt becomes ironed if the shirt is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Beanbag chair becomes fixed if beanbag chair is burst and XX mends beanbag chair.
Saxaphone becomes played if saxaphone is idle and XX plays saxaphone.
The menu becomes opened if the menu is folded and XX consults it.
The ball becomes being airborne if the ball is being in a hand and XX throws it.
Dinner becomes served if dinner is unserved and XX serves it.
Hiking boots become being worn if hiking boots are unused and XX wears them.
The photograph becomes finished if the photograph is negative and XX develops it.
The string becomes short if the string is long and XX cuts it.
The room becomes straightened if the room is untidy and XX arranges it.
Daiquiri becomes cold if daiquiri is warm and XX chills daiquiri.
Insulation panel becomes having been touched if insulation panel is having had no human contact and XX touches insulation panel.
The container becomes full if laundry softener is empty and XX refills laundry softener.
The charger becomes charging if the charger is not charging and XX uses it.
The tube becomes empty if the tube is full and XX squeezes it.
The baby becomes sleeping if the baby is crying and XX rocks him.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
Shutter of the camera to take photograph becomes open if shutter of the camera to take photograph is closed and XX opens shutter of the camera to take photograph.
Alcohol becomes asinine if alcohol is stupid and XX avoids it.
The frame becomes repaired if broken frame is unrepaired and XX repairs broken frame.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
Clothes peg becomes attached if clothes peg is loose and XX attaches clothes peg.
The scorpion becomes the location if the scorpion is the location and XX avoids it.
Bedspread becomes mended if bedspread is unmended and XX mends bedspread.
Chain links becomes connected if chain links is loose and XX connects chain links.
The flute becomes used if the flute is unused and XX plays it.
The house plant becomes moist if the house plant is dry and XX waters it.
The notebook becomes the page if the notebook is the page and XX makes it.
The child becomes supervised if the child is unsupervised and XX watches him.
The stroller becomes folded if the stroller is compacted and XX unfolds it.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is aggitated and XX calms it.
Flowers become alive if flowers are dead and XX plants them.
The alarm becomes having been turned off if the alarm is going off and XX turns off it.
The person becomes ignored if the person is acknowledged and XX ignores him.
High chair becomes high if high chair is low and XX raises high chair.
Fresh meat becomes cooked if fresh meat is raw and XX cooks fresh meat.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
Paper roll becomes rolled up if paper roll is unrolled and XX rolls paper roll.
The jelly becomes made if the jelly is unmade and XX makes it.
Raincoat in closet becomes in the closet if raincoat in closet is on the person and XX hangs raincoat in closet.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
Ice cube into pieces becomes tiny if ice cube into pieces is big and XX breaks ice cube into pieces.
The volume becomes softer if the volume is loud and XX turns down it.
The waiter becomes ecstatic if the waiter is anxious and XX tips him.
Baby carseat becomes the safe if baby carseat is dangerous and XX tightens baby carseat.
The entrance becomes guarded if the entrance is unguarded and XX watches it.
Volume of music system becomes quiet if volume of music system is loud and XX decreases volume of music system.
The orange juice becomes juiced if the orange juice is whole fruit and XX makes it.
Scrap in dustbin becomes full if scrap in dustbin is empty and XX throws scrap in dustbin.
Faucet when required becomes in use if faucet when required is not in use and XX opens faucet when required.
The sofa bed becomes closed if the sofa bed is open and XX closes it.
Antiseptic on bitten area becomes on the skin if antiseptic on bitten area is in the bottle and XX applies antiseptic on bitten area.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is unpaid and XX pays him.
Slippers become worn if slippers are unused and XX wears them.
Grapes in refrigerator becomes to cold and eventually to dried out if grapes in refrigerator is fresh and XX stores grapes in refrigerator.
Frosted cake becomes eaten if frosted cake is edible and XX eats frosted cake.
Curtains become let down if curtains are tied back and XX releases them.
Stack of paper becomes organized if stack of paper is unorganized and XX arranges stack of paper.
The drivers license becomes renewed if drivers license renewed is unrenewed and XX gets drivers license renewed.
The person becomes the safe if the person is unsafe and XX guards him.
The DVD becomes clean if the DVD is dirty and XX cleans it.
Gas becomes full if gas is empty and XX fills it.
Drain plug becomes opened if drain plug is unopened and XX opens drain plug.
Cards become used if cards are new and XX uses them.
The abacus becomes unused if the abacus is used and XX puts away it.
Dusting cloth becomes wet if dusting cloth is dry and XX wets dusting cloth.
The sink becomes empty if the sink is full and XX empties it.
An object becomes dynamic if an object is the static and XX throws an object.
The orange becomes pealed if the orange is unpealed and XX peels it.
Dodgeball becomes still if dodgeball is moving and XX avoids dodgeball.
The postage becomes there if the postage is gone and XX affixes it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
The sleeping bag becomes being slept in if the sleeping bag is not being slept in and XX sleeps in it.
Loaf of bread becomes the mouth if loaf of bread is the hand and XX eats loaf of bread.
Computer monitor becomes off if computer monitor is on and XX turns off computer monitor.
Milk becomes warm if milk is cold and XX heats it.
The diaper becomes disposed if the diaper is used and XX disposes it.
The omelette becomes digested if the omelette is whole and XX eats it.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
Pair of hiking boots becomes warm if pair of hiking boots is cold and XX wears pair of hiking boots.
Grass becomes short if grass is long and XX mows it.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
The car engine becomes on if the car engine is off and XX STARTS it.
Food becomes hot if food is cold and XX warms up it.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
The trumpet becomes music if the trumpet is quiet and XX hears it.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX pushes it.
The omelette becomes less hot if the omelette is hot and XX serves it.
Weight bench becomes haevy if weight bench is light and XX adjusts weight bench.
Candy bowl with candy becomes filled if candy bowl with candy is not filled and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The shower becomes used if the shower is unused and XX takes it.
The drink becomes the minimum if cold drink fast is maximum and XX drinks cold drink fast.
Notebook battery becomes charged if notebook battery is dead and XX recharges notebook battery.
Curtains become shut if curtains are open and XX closes them.
Dishes become clean if dishes are dirty and XX does them.
The pot becomes hot if the pot is cold and XX heats it.
Papers become in one's hand if folder to pick out papers is in the folder and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
Garbage in trash can becomes empty if garbage in trash can is full and XX empties garbage in trash can.
Fresh carrot becomes eaten if fresh carrot is uneaten and XX eats fresh carrot.
The jelly becomes digested if the jelly is uneaten and XX eats it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Mail becomes opened if mail is unopened and XX opens it.
Hello becomes said if it is unsaid and XX says it.
The drink becomes drinken if the drink is undrinken and XX serves it.
The bike becomes moving if stationary bike is stationary and XX rides stationary bike.
The birthday cake becomes eaten if the birthday cake is uneaten and XX enjoys it.
Cherries become special if cherries into chocolate is the plain and XX dips cherries into chocolate.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Bowtie pasta becomes absent if bowtie pasta is the present and XX eats bowtie pasta.
Spelling of words becomes the right if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
Coffeemaker becomes on if coffeemaker is off and XX turns on coffeemaker.
The gutter becomes clean if the gutter is dirty and XX clears it.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Water bottle becomes empty if water bottle on the bed side table is ignored and XX puts water bottle on the bed side table.
Sugar in coffee becomes in the coffee if sugar in coffee is out of the coffee and XX puts sugar in coffee.
The onion becomes peeled if the onion is unpeeled and XX peels it.
Stack of paper becomes organized if stack of paper is disorganized and XX arranges stack of paper.
Staples become stored if staples are available and XX stores them.
Nut shell with hammer becomes broken if nut shell with hammer is intact and XX breaks nut shell with hammer.
The counter becomes dry if the counter is greasy and XX cleans it.
The door becomes open if the door is close and XX opens it.
Candy bowl becomes full if candy bowl is empty and XX refills candy bowl.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
Pair of reading glasses becomes on the face if pair of reading glasses is on the table and XX puts on pair of reading glasses.
The package becomes open if the parcel is closed and XX opens it.
The lawn becomes nicely trimmed if the lawn is overgrown and XX mows it.
Ice cube tray becomes full if ice cube tray is empty and XX refills ice cube tray.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
Glass of orange juice becomes drunken if glass of orange juice is undrunken and XX drinks glass of orange juice.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are smudged and XX wipes them.
The salmon becomes cooked if the salmon is raw and XX eats it.
The slide projector becomes off if the slide projector is on and XX turns off it.
Milk becomes empty if milk is full and XX drinks it.
Pearl necklace becomes needed if pearl necklace is useless and XX wears pearl necklace.
The notebook becomes made if the notebook is not made and XX makes it.
The screen becomes closed if the screen is open and XX closes it.
The soccer ball becomes kicked if the soccer ball is not kicked and XX kicks it.
The document becomes read if the document is unread and XX reads it.
Serving knife before use becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
Documents become copied document if documents are single document and XX photocopies them.
The wheelchair becomes moving if the wheelchair is stopped and XX pushes it.
The can opener becomes being used if the can opener is not being used and XX uses it.
The entertainment becomes enjoyed if the entertainment is unenjoyed and XX enjoys it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes clean if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX loads dishes in dishwasher.
The tyre becomes inflated if the tyre is deflated and XX inflates it.
Reading glasses become on if reading glasses are off and XX puts on them.
Bunch of roses in vase becomes lots if bunch of roses in vase is none and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
Identity of the visitor becomes known if identity of the visitor is unknown and XX asks identity of the visitor.
Fresh carrot for salad becomes chopped if fresh carrot for salad is whole and XX chops fresh carrot for salad.
Reading lamp becomes on the table if reading lamp on the reading table is not on the table and XX places reading lamp on the reading table.
The motorcycle becomes moving if the motorcycle is still and XX rides it.
Gradebook becomes read if gradebook is unread and XX peruses gradebook.
The mat becomes swept if the mat is unswept and XX sweeps it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
House coat becomes clean if house coat is dirty and XX washes house coat.
Box of detergent becomes new if box of detergent is empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
The CD becomes used if the CD is unused and XX plays it.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX throws it.
The present becomes opened if the present is new and XX unwraps it.
Stamps on envelope becomes on the envelope if stamps on envelope is in the stamp book and XX pastes stamps on envelope.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
Dog bone becomes eaten if dog bone is new and XX throws dog bone.
The attache case becomes in your arms if the attache case is on the floor and XX carries it.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
Light fixture becomes dim if light fixture is lit and XX turns off light fixture.
Medicine from chemist becomes used if medicine from chemist is new and XX buys medicine from chemist.
Clothes become clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Winter coat in winter becomes on a person if winter coat in winter is in the closet and XX wears winter coat in winter.
The shopping list becomes listed if the shopping list is unmade and XX makes it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Coffee filter becomes new if coffee filter is used and XX changes coffee filter.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Power becomes on if fusebox is off and XX checks fusebox.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Saxaphone becomes played if saxaphone is unplayed and XX plays saxaphone.
The package becomes open if the package is sealed and XX opens it.
Pajama bottom becomes filled if pajama bottom is folded and XX wears pajama bottom.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Broken statue becomes repaired if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
Lead becomes connected if lead is not connected and XX connects it.
Shower rod becomes installed if shower rod is uninstalled and XX installs shower rod.
Child's toy becomes clean if child's toy is dirty and XX cleans child's toy.
The orange juice becomes gone if the orange juice is full and XX makes it.
Potted flower becomes damp if potted flower is dry and XX waters potted flower.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
The hand becomes moving if the hand is not moving and XX shakes it.
The thermostat becomes fixed if the thermostat is broken and XX repairs it.
The tie becomes loose if the tie is tightly tied and XX loosens it.
New bed sheet becomes used if new bed sheet is clean and XX places new bed sheet.
Portable scale becomes accurate if portable scale is inaccurate and XX calibrates portable scale.
Garbage bag becomes empty if garbage bag is full and XX removes garbage bag.
The bookcase becomes clean if the bookcase is dirty and XX cleans it.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is messy and XX arranges stack of paper.
The orange becomes eaten if the orange is uneaten and XX eats it.
The guitar becomes vibrating if the guitar is the static and XX plays it.
Chocolate pudding becomes eaten if chocolate pudding is whole and XX eats chocolate pudding.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX entertains him.
Hiking boots become cleaned if hiking boots are dirty and XX cleans them.
Documents become multiple copies if documents are one copy and XX photocopies them.
Paperclips becomes loose if paperclips is entangled and XX untangles paperclips.
The spider web becomes gone if the spider web is everywhere and XX sweeps it.
The door becomes locked if door at night is unlocked and XX locks door at night.
The pet becomes clean if the pet is dirty and XX washes it.
Cold drink in hand tray becomes served if cold drink in hand tray is not served and XX serves cold drink in hand tray.
Tv shows become reruns if tv shows are new and XX watches them.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
The soda becomes empty if the soda is full and XX drinks it.
The address becomes updated if the address is out of date and XX updates it.
The calendar becomes new if the calendar is old and XX replaces it.
The heater becomes off if the heater is on and XX turns off it.
The fishing pole becomes longer if the fishing pole is shorter and XX elongates it.
Bathroom shower becomes clear if bathroom shower is cluttered and XX clears bathroom shower.
The textbook becomes read if the textbook is unread and XX reads it.
The chocolate bar becomes consumed if the chocolate bar is unconsumed and XX eats it.
Personal digital organizer becomes full if personal digital organizer is empty and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
Bill becomes the month if Bill is the month and XX pays him.
The decanter becomes full if the decanter is empty and XX fills it.
Windows become closed if windows are opened and XX closes them.
Ball thrown becomes thrown if ball thrown is not thrown and XX catches ball thrown.
The fishtank becomes full if the fishtank is not full and XX refills it.
Box of laundry softener becomes full if box of laundry softener is empty and XX refills box of laundry softener.
Affected area becomes clean if affected area is dirty and XX washes affected area.
The stain becomes removed from the surface if the stain is on the surface and XX removes it.
Pair of pants becomes worn if pair of pants is unworn and XX wears pair of pants.
The pumpkin becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is whole and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Curtains become closed if curtains are open and XX draws them.
The letter becomes stamped if the letter is unstamped and XX stamps it.
The presentation becomes a finished product if the presentation is a plan and XX makes it.
Flowers in flower vase becomes in the vase if flowers in flower vase is out of the vase and XX keeps flowers in flower vase.
The wedding ring becomes special if the wedding ring is normal and XX engraves it.
The steering wheel becomes controlled if the steering wheel is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
Pizza becomes the cut if pizza is whole and XX cuts it.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is unpaid and XX pays him.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The soccer ball becomes in motion if the soccer ball is motionless and XX kicks it.
Ink ribbon becomes inked if ink ribbon is uninked and XX inks ink ribbon.
The phone becomes charged if the phone is uncharged and XX recharges it.
Connections become inspected if connections are unchecked and XX checks them.
Windows become ajar if windows to let out fumes is shut and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
Plant pot becomes replaced if plant pot is broken and XX replaces plant pot.
The computer screen becomes clean if the computer screen is dirty and XX cleans it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes played if baritone brass instrument is not played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Block of swiss cheese becomes consumed if block of swiss cheese is unconsumed and XX eats block of swiss cheese.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The vehicle becomes operable if the vehicle is inoperable and XX repairs it.
Folder to pick out papers becomes empty if folder to pick out papers is full and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
Food becomes uncooked if food is cooked and XX cooks it.
The gutter becomes empty if the gutter is clogged and XX clears it.
The corndog becomes cooked if the corndog is raw and XX cooks it.
The counter becomes clean if the counter is dirty and XX cleans it.
The microwave becomes open if the microwave is closed and XX opens it.
The paper becomes filled if the paper is blank and XX photocopies it.
Papers become neat if papers are messy and XX gathers them.
Mail becomes opened if mail is unopened and XX opens it.
The modem becomes installed if the modem is uninstalled and XX installs it.
The keyboard becomes played if the keyboard is unplayed and XX plays it.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
Red pepper becomes eaten if red pepper is not eaten and XX eats red pepper.
The person becomes not requiring help if the person is requiring help and XX helps him.
Spaghetti becomes eaten if spaghetti is uneaten and XX eats it.
Sweatshirt becomes worn if sweatshirt is clean and XX wears sweatshirt.
Burned out lightbulb becomes absent if burned out lightbulb is the present and XX disposes of burned out lightbulb.
The houseplant becomes wet if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
Bottle of water in refrigerator becomes cool if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
Eyeglasses become used if eyeglasses are unused and XX wears them.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
Old diaper becomes in the trash if old diaper is on the baby and XX removes old diaper.
Date stamp becomes inked if date stamp is not inked and XX inks date stamp.
The cockroach becomes dead if anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach is alive and XX uses anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach.
Pie crust becomes eaten if pie crust is uneaten and XX eats pie crust.
Garbage from the garbage can becomes out of the can if garbage from the garbage can is in the can and XX disposes garbage from the garbage can.
The potato becomes steaming if the potato is cold and XX cooks it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Crushed soda can becomes trashed if crushed soda can is visible and XX dumps crushed soda can.
Child gate becomes closed if child gate is open and XX closes child gate.
The blanket becomes unfolded if the blanket is folded and XX uses it.
The tree becomes trimmed if the tree is shaggy and XX trims it.
The bowl becomes empty if fruits in bowl is full and XX eats fruits in bowl.
Instructions become read if instructions are unread and XX follows them.
The cake becomes consumed if the cake is uneaten and XX eats it.
Children's bed room becomes clean and organized if children's bed room is dirty and untidy and XX cleans children's bed room.
Food becomes eaten if food to people is available and XX serves food to people.
Email becomes received if email is sent and XX receives it.
The antiseptic becomes empty if the antiseptic is full and XX applies it.
Belt of  treadmill becomes tight if belt of  treadmill is loose and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
The business card becomes given out if the business card is not given out and XX gives out it.
The gutter becomes empty if the gutter is clogged and XX clears it.
Cooked food becomes absent if cooked food is the present and XX eats cooked food.
The tank becomes full if the tank is empty and XX fills it.
The tent becomes pitched if the tent is packed and XX puts up it.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
The kid becomes relaxed if the kid is hyper and XX calms it.
The reference book becomes the current if the reference book is outdated and XX updates it.
The teapot becomes full if the teapot is empty and XX refills it.
The pea pod becomes wet if the pea pod is dry and XX waters it.
Sunglasses become worn if sunglasses are unworn and XX wears them.
Coffee becomes dranken if coffee is made and XX pours it.
The tree becomes a big trea if the tree is the seed and XX waters it.
Pair of trousers becomes clean if pair of trousers is unclean and XX washes pair of trousers.
The baby becomes sleeping if baby sleep on bed is awake and XX makes baby sleep on bed.
The baby becomes happy if the baby is angry and XX calms him.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX cooks it.
Wheel of fortune becomes the spinning if wheel of fortune is still and XX rotates wheel of fortune.
Pills become moving if pills are the stable and XX throws them.
The band aid becomes on the person if the band aid is in the package and XX applies it.
Clothes become perfect if clothes are wrinkled and XX irons them.
Toner cartridge becomes full if toner cartridge is empty and XX refills toner cartridge.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
The jug becomes empty if the jug is full and XX empties it.
Computer desk becomes clean if computer desk is messy and XX cleans computer desk.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX kicks it.
The cell phone becomes answered if the cell phone is unanswered and XX answers it.
Weather becomes checked if weather is unknown and XX checks it.
The jar becomes emptied if jar of coins to paper money is full and XX converts jar of coins to paper money.
Pile of sawdust becomes swept up if pile of sawdust is scattered and XX sweeps pile of sawdust.
Seat cushion becomes repaired if seat cushion is torn and XX stitches seat cushion.
The camera becomes straight if camera tripod is angled and XX levels camera tripod.
Cdrw becomes closed if cdrw is open and XX closes cdrw.
Clothes become tidy if clothes are untidy and XX cleans them.
Baby stroller becomes folded out if baby stroller is compact and XX unfolds baby stroller.
Video recorder becomes full if video recorder with tape is empty and XX loads video recorder with tape.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
The package becomes posted if the package is unposted and XX posts it.
Bouncing ball becomes in the air if bouncing ball is in the hand and XX throws bouncing ball.
Leather coat in winters becomes being worn if leather coat in winters is hanging and XX wears leather coat in winters.
The calendar becomes new if the calendar is old and XX replaces it.
Important data becomes filed if important data is being unfiled and XX files important data.
Bathroom shower becomes cleaned if bathroom shower is uncleaned and XX cleans bathroom shower.
The ball becomes high if the ball is low and XX picks up it.
Firealarm becomes known if firealarm is unknown and XX reports firealarm.
Glasswares in the cupboard becomes dusty if glasswares in the cupboard is the fine and XX keeps glasswares in the cupboard.
The wedding cake becomes the poop if the wedding cake is the cake and XX eats it.
The hutch becomes unlocked if the hutch is locked and XX unlocks it.
Stainless steel sink becomes rinsed if stainless steel sink is dirtied and XX rinses stainless steel sink.
The peanut butter becomes eaten if the peanut butter is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pumpkin vegetable becomes the mush if pumpkin vegetable is whole and XX eats pumpkin vegetable.
The package becomes opened if the package is sealed and XX opens it.
The orange becomes eaten if the orange is uneaten and XX eats it.
Bedsheets become fresh if bedsheets are old and XX changes them.
Shower room becomes clean if shower room is dirty and XX dries shower room.
Jam jar before serving becomes close if jam jar before serving is open and XX opens jam jar before serving.
Gallon of milk in refrigerator becomes cold if gallon of milk in refrigerator is warm and XX stores gallon of milk in refrigerator.
Potted tree becomes watered if potted tree is dry and XX waters potted tree.
Jar of cotton balls becomes full if jar of cotton balls is empty and XX refills jar of cotton balls.
Side chair comfortable by placing a cushion becomes comfortable if side chair comfortable by placing a cushion is uncomfortable and XX makes side chair comfortable by placing a cushion.
The lobster becomes eaten if the lobster is uneaten and XX eats it.
The rack becomes the order if the rack is messy and XX arranges it.
An infant becomes held if an infant is unheld and XX picks an infant.
Garbage bin becomes empty if garbage bin is full and XX empties garbage bin.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
Plaid bowtie becomes worn if plaid bowtie is unworn and XX wears plaid bowtie.
The saucer becomes held if the saucer is sitting and XX holds it.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
The jar becomes empty if jam is full and XX consumes it.
The brass instrument becomes Polished if the brass instrument is tarnished and XX Polishes it.
Water becomes warm if water is cool and XX heats it.
The party becomes fun if the party is boring and XX enjoys it.
The cockroach becomes dead if anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach is alive and XX uses anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach.
Firealarm becomes armed if firealarm is disarmed and XX programs firealarm.
The craft becomes completed if the craft is diassembled and XX makes it.
The newspaper becomes in the trash if the newspaper is on the floor and XX picks it.
The briefcase becomes emptier if the briefcase is fuller and XX empties it.
Bathroom cabinet becomes tidy if bathroom cabinet is messy and XX cleans bathroom cabinet.
The refrigerator becomes open if the refrigerator is closed and XX opens it.
The trash becomes out if the trash is in and XX takes out it.
Coke can becomes short if coke can is tall and XX crushes coke can.
The humidifier becomes on if the humidifier is off and XX uses it.
The musical instrument becomes playing if the musical instrument is not being played and XX plays it.
Family photo album becomes organized if family photo album is disorganized and XX arranges family photo album.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX washes door mat.
The waffle becomes solid if the waffle is the batter and XX eats it.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
Bike lock becomes locked if bike lock is unlocked and XX locks bike lock.
Painting becomes straight if painting is crooked and XX straightens it.
Dishes become in the cupboard if dishes are out and XX puts away them.
The volume becomes quiet if the volume is loud and XX turns down it.
Area rug becomes clean if area rug is dirty and XX vacuums area rug.
The puncture becomes repaired if the puncture is not repaired and XX repairs it.
Candles away from direct air becomes off if candles away from direct air is burning and XX keeps candles away from direct air.
The golf ball becomes in your hand if the golf ball is on the ground and XX picks up it.
Alarm clock after waking up becomes quiet if alarm clock after waking up is loud and XX turns off alarm clock after waking up.
Postcard from vacation becomes sent if postcard from vacation is unsent and XX sends postcard from vacation.
Pant suit becomes clean if pant suit is dirty and XX washes pant suit.
The hair becomes styled if the hair is messy and XX brushes it.
The tie becomes worn if the tie is ironed and XX wears it.
Cable company for cable connection becomes connected if cable company for cable connection is not connected and XX calls cable company for cable connection.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
The microwave becomes open if the microwave is closed and XX opens it.
Bath mat becomes clean if bath mat is dirty and XX cleans bath mat.
The sunscreen becomes applied if the sunscreen is bottled and XX applies it.
Dishes become organized if dishes are disorganized and XX arranges them.
The aspirin becomes taken if the aspirin is not taken and XX takes it.
The lint becomes unseen if the lint is seen and XX removes it.
Basket ball becomes active if basket ball is the static and XX bounces basket ball.
Clothes from washing machine becomes empty if clothes from washing machine is fill and XX takes out clothes from washing machine.
The spider web becomes gone if the spider web is everywhere and XX sweeps it.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Pile of papers becomes spread out if pile of papers is stacked and XX throws pile of papers.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
The laundry becomes finished if the laundry is unfinished and XX finishes it.
Ice cube tray in refrigerator becomes liquid water if ice cube tray in refrigerator is solid ice cubes and XX places ice cube tray in refrigerator.
The footwear becomes scuffed if the footwear is new and XX wears it.
Greenbeans becomes cooked if greenbeans is raw and XX cooks greenbeans.
The person becomes clothed if the gown is unclothed and XX wears it.
The burner becomes cold if the burner is hot and XX turns off it.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
Food becomes cooked if food in microwave is uncooked and XX places food in microwave.
The hair becomes dry if hair with dryer is wet and XX dries hair with dryer.
Paper properly becomes put away if paper properly is out and XX files paper properly.
Food on dining table becomes full if food on dining table is empty and XX serves food on dining table.
The dice becomes rolled if the dice is unrolled and XX rolls it.
The customer becomes nourished if the burger is hungry and XX serves it.
Scissors become sharp if scissors are dull and XX sharpens them.
The melon becomes digested if the melon is whole and XX eats it.
The cheeseburger becomes warm if the cheeseburger is cool and XX heats it.
Leather coat in winters becomes cold if leather coat in winters is warm and XX wears leather coat in winters.
Ball back becomes kicked if ball back is not kicked and XX kicks ball back.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
Song to listen becomes listened if song to listen is unlistened and XX selects song to listen.
Plants become fertilized if fertilizer on plants is unfertilized and XX spreads fertilizer on plants.
Headlines of the newspaper becomes read if headlines of the newspaper is unread and XX reads headlines of the newspaper.
Teapot with caution becomes careful if teapot with caution is careless and XX handles teapot with caution.
The bottle becomes recycled if the bottle is not recycled and XX recycles it.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
Oil painting on the wall becomes hung if oil painting on the wall is unhung and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
Shoelaces become tied if shoelaces are dragging and XX ties them.
Water in the aquarium becomes clean if water in the aquarium is dirty and XX replaces water in the aquarium.
Mixer in electricity outlet becomes being powered if mixer in electricity outlet is not having power and XX plugs mixer in electricity outlet.
The dishwasher becomes loaded if the dishwasher is empty and XX loads it.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX cooks it.
Drain stopper becomes open if drain stopper is closed and XX removes drain stopper.
The coffee cup becomes filled if the coffee cup is empty and XX refills it.
Coffee mug becomes full if coffee mug is empty and XX fills coffee mug.
Flower pot becomes wet if flower pot is dry and XX waters flower pot.
Feather mattress becomes covered if feather mattress is uncovered and XX covers feather mattress.
Bottle of beer in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of beer in refrigerator is warm and XX places bottle of beer in refrigerator.
The floor becomes vacuumed if the floor is not vacuumed and XX vacuums it.
The postage becomes being paid if the postage is not paid and XX pays it.
The clipboard becomes full if clipboard with paper is empty and XX attaches clipboard with paper.
The knob becomes closed if the knob is open and XX closes it.
The cartoon becomes appreciated if the cartoon is ignored and XX laughs at it.
Bag of corn chips becomes empty if bag of corn chips is full and XX consumes bag of corn chips.
The presentation becomes dated if the presentation is undecided and XX schedules it.
The page becomes the page if the page is the page and XX xeroxes it.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
Coffee machine becomes used if coffee machine is unused and XX uses coffee machine.
The furniture becomes moved if the furniture is unmoved and XX moves it.
The commode becomes being flushed if the commode is not being flushed and XX flushes it.
Drain plug becomes open if drain plug is closed and XX opens drain plug.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
The fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
Dog dish to dog becomes empty if dog dish to dog is full and XX feeds dog dish to dog.
The racket becomes strung if the racket is unstrung and XX strings it.
Chinese checkers board becomes open and used if chinese checkers board is closed and XX plays chinese checkers board.
The cheeseburger becomes warm if the cheeseburger is cold and XX heats it.
Golf clubs become new if golf clubs are old and XX replaces them.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Computer monitor becomes turned off if computer monitor is running and XX turns off computer monitor.
French fries become in the stomach if french fries are on the plate and XX eats them.
Projector on screen becomes focused if projector on screen is not focused and XX focuses projector on screen.
Sunglasses become worn if sunglasses are unworn and XX wears them.
The ball becomes airborne if the ball is still and XX throws it.
The coin becomes kept if the coin is found and XX keeps it.
The salmon becomes cooked if the salmon is raw and XX eats it.
The bullet becomes the miss if the bullet is certain hit and XX avoids it.
Eyes become protected if sunglasses are bare and XX wears them.
Fluids become gone if fluids are there and XX drinks them.
Chocolate pudding becomes done if chocolate pudding is making and XX prepares chocolate pudding.
Lead becomes live if lead is dead and XX connects it.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The trash becomes there if the trash is here and XX pushes it.
Piece of wood according to requirement becomes the right if piece of wood according to requirement is wrong and XX cuts piece of wood according to requirement.
The folder becomes neat if the folder is messy and XX organizes it.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
The message becomes delivered if the message is in transit and XX delivers it.
The baby becomes fed if the baby is hungry and XX feeds him.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The reception desk becomes tidy if the reception desk is messy and XX cleans it.
The coke becomes warm if the coke is cold and XX serves it.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
Paper piece becomes attached if paper piece is loose and XX sticks paper piece.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
Windows become ajar if windows to let out fumes is shut and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
Box of detergent becomes empty if box of detergent is full and XX uses box of detergent.
The cigarette becomes lit if the cigarette is not lit and XX smokes it.
The trip becomes begun if the trip is unbegun and XX goes on it.
Nails become short if nails are long and XX clips them.
Platter before use becomes not dusty if platter before use is dusty and XX washes platter before use.
Halogen desk lamp becomes bright if halogen desk lamp is off and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
Dishes become organized if dishes are unorganized and XX puts away them.
Letter envelope with hands becomes ripped if letter envelope with hands is unripped and XX tears letter envelope with hands.
Tank top becomes worn if tank top is unworn and XX wears tank top.
Friends become included if friends to a party is excluded and XX invites friends to a party.
The computer game becomes being played if the computer game is idle and XX plays it.
White board becomes blank if white board is full of writing and XX wipes off white board.
The door becomes quiet if the door is noisy and XX oils it.
The bunny becomes watched if the bunny is ignored and XX watches it.
The orange becomes peeled if the orange is whole and XX peels it.
Police become called if police are uncalled and XX calls them.
Gourmet foods becomes eaten if gourmet foods is whole and XX eats gourmet foods.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX vacuums it.
The stamp becomes wet and sticky on the back if the stamp is dry and XX licks it.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
Grocery list becomes checked off if groceries are full and XX picks them.
Game board becomes played if game board is free and XX plays game board.
The hair clip becomes tight if the hair clip is loosen and XX tightens it.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
Burnt out bulb becomes removed if burnt out bulb is installed and XX removes burnt out bulb.
The comforter becomes used if the comforter is folded and XX uses it.
The raincoat becomes dry if the raincoat is wet and XX dries it.
The buckle becomes fastened if the buckle is unfastened and XX ties it.
Cup of coffee becomes empty if cup of coffee is full and XX drinks cup of coffee.
Tiles become clean if tiles are dirty and XX cleans them.
The password becomes the right if the password is wrong and XX changes it.
The memo becomes sent if the memo is unsent and XX sends it.
The bug becomes nonexistent if the bug is existent and XX removes it.
Weather becomes known if weather is unknown and XX checks it.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is dirty and XX tidies it.
Cup of coffee becomes empty if cup of coffee is full and XX drinks cup of coffee.
Band aid from the cut becomes uncovered if band aid from the cut is covered and XX removes band aid from the cut.
The hair becomes styled if the hair is messy and XX brushes it.
Socks in drawer becomes gone if socks in drawer is there and XX keeps socks in drawer.
The string becomes the cut if the string is uncut and XX cuts it.
The dress becomes old if the dress is new and XX wears it.
Wall calendar becomes up to date if wall calendar is out of date and XX replaces wall calendar.
Batteries of remote control becomes charged if batteries of remote control is dead and XX recharges batteries of remote control.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
Pair of jeans becomes washed if pair of jeans is unwashed and XX washes pair of jeans.
Slice of watermelon becomes in the stomach if slice of watermelon is on the plate and XX eats slice of watermelon.
The ball becomes still if the ball is rolling and XX stops it.
The duvet becomes used if the duvet is unused and XX uses it.
The envelope becomes open if the envelope is sealed and XX opens it.
Cappuccino becomes the drunk if cappuccino is not drunk and XX drinks cappuccino.
The bin becomes empty if the bin is full and XX empties it.
The lid becomes shut if the lid is open and XX closes it.
Chocolate becomes hard if chocolate is soft and XX cools it.
The maid becomes employed if the maid is unemployed and XX hires her.
Trash bag becomes outside if the trash is in the house and XX takes out it.
Coffee mug becomes full if coffee mug is empty and XX fills coffee mug.
The baby becomes full if the baby is hungry and XX feeds him.
Vino becomes aged if vino is green and XX ages vino.
The orange becomes peeled if the orange is whole and XX peels it.
Duffle bag becomes filled if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
The potato becomes soft if the potato is hard and XX cooks it.
Glass of water becomes consumed if glass of water is unconsumed and XX drinks glass of water.
The person becomes sheltered if the tent is outside and XX sleeps in it.
The microwave becomes on if the microwave is off and XX turns on it.
The tricycle becomes not rusty if the tricycle is rusty and XX oils it.
The flute becomes used if the flute is unused and XX plays it.
The tennis ball becomes bouncing if the tennis ball is still and XX uses it.
The puppy becomes kept if the puppy is abandoned and XX keeps it.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is wet and XX dries piece of wood.
The server becomes working if the server is idle and XX restarts him.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
The room becomes the cooler if the temperature is warmer and XX lowers it.
The briefcase becomes organized if briefcase properly is cluttered and XX arranges briefcase properly.
Needle nose pliers becomes used if needle nose pliers is new and XX uses needle nose pliers.
The alarm becomes tripped if the alarm is idle and XX triggers it.
The television becomes improved reception if the television is bad reception and XX tunes it.
The sink becomes fixed if the sink is broken and XX repairs it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Table cover becomes the flat if table cover on table is folded and XX spreads table cover on table.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
The jewelry box becomes being locked if the jewelry box is being unlocked and XX secures it.
The orange juice becomes consumed if the orange juice is available and XX drinks it.
Pair of jeans becomes clean if pair of jeans is dirty and XX washes pair of jeans.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
Eyes become closed if eyes are open and XX closes them.
Hole puncher becomes empty if hole puncher is full and XX empties hole puncher.
The garbage can becomes clean if the garbage can is dirty and XX washes it.
Garbage from garbage can becomes outside if garbage from garbage can is the inside and XX takes out garbage from garbage can.
Next page becomes exposed if next page is upcoming and XX reads next page.
Plumbing pipes becomes new if plumbing pipes is in need of replacement and XX replaces plumbing pipes.
Food becomes served if food is unserved and XX serves it.
Pant suit becomes clean if pant suit is dirty and XX washes pant suit.
The overcoat becomes worn if the overcoat is unworn and XX wears it.
Bottle of shampoo becomes open if bottle of shampoo is closed and XX uses bottle of shampoo.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
The bathtub becomes shiny clean if the bathtub is dirty and XX scrubs it.
Feeding bottle becomes sanitary if feeding bottle is unsanitary and XX cleans feeding bottle.
The hair dryer becomes off if the hair dryer is on and XX unplugs it.
The patient becomes good if the doctor is bad and XX informs him.
Saxaphone becomes loud if saxaphone is unheard and XX plays saxaphone.
The board game becomes unavailable if the board game is available and XX disposes of it.
Diamond jewelery becomes worn if diamond jewelery is stored and XX wears diamond jewelery.
Pain becomes felt if pain is unfelt and XX feels it.
The amplifier becomes quiet if the amplifier is loud and XX turns down it.
The face mask becomes worn if face mask while playing with children is unworn and XX wears face mask while playing with children.
The puncture becomes nonexisting if the puncture is existing and XX repairs it.
Dodgeball becomes caught if dodgeball is flying and XX catches dodgeball.
Shoes become shiny if shoes are dull and XX Polishes them.
The tool becomes ready to use if the tool is in storage and XX retrieves it.
The kite becomes high if the kite is low and XX flies it.
Red pepper becomes eaten if red pepper is uneaten and XX eats red pepper.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
Money becomes spent if money is in one's possession and XX spends it.
Frozen meat becomes thawed if frozen meat is frozen and XX microwaves frozen meat.
Chairs become ordered if chairs in circular fashion is unordered and XX arranges chairs in circular fashion.
The accordion becomes noisy if the accordion is silent and XX plays it.
Cup of coffee becomes empty cup if cup of coffee is cup of coffee and XX drinks cup of coffee.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The playroom becomes neat if the playroom is messy and XX cleans it.
The hairbrush becomes not full of hair if hairbrush before using it is full of hair and XX wipes hairbrush before using it.
Disc player becomes fixed if disc player is broken and XX repairs disc player.
The tool becomes ready to use if the tool is in storage and XX retrieves it.
Meat becomes cooked if meat is raw and XX cooks it.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX cleans lint trap.
Bike helmet becomes used if bike helmet is unused and XX puts on bike helmet.
The stain becomes gone if the stain is there and XX removes it.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Sink with water becomes filled if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
The cleaner becomes outside a container if the cleaner is inside a container and XX uses cleaner.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
The vacuum becomes out if the vacuum is put away and XX gets out it.
Plates become organised if plates are scattered and XX arranges them.
An object becomes clean if an object is dusty and XX dusts an object.
Tennis shoe becomes old if tennis shoe is new and XX wears tennis shoe.
Slice of watermelon becomes eaten if slice of watermelon is the present and XX eats slice of watermelon.
Pie crust becomes being consumed if pie crust is being part of the pie and XX eats pie crust.
Pasta becomes digested if pasta is uneaten and XX eats it.
The cloth becomes clean if the stain is dirty and XX removes it.
Computer monitor becomes dark if computer monitor is lit and XX turns off computer monitor.
Contact lenses become worn if contact lenses are unworn and XX wears them.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
The ledger becomes complete if ledger regularly is incomplete and XX maintains ledger regularly.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Raincoat in rainy days becomes wet if raincoat in rainy days is dry and XX wears raincoat in rainy days.
Children's bed room becomes clean if children's bed room is dirty and XX cleans children's bed room.
The grape becomes eaten if the grape is uneaten and XX eats it.
Connections become checked if connections are ignored and XX checks them.
Canvas on the wall becomes hung if canvas on the wall is unhung and XX hangs canvas on the wall.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
The tube becomes empty if the tube is full and XX squeezes it.
Diapers become thrown away if diapers are used and XX changes them.
Folding table becomes open if folding table is closed and XX unfolds folding table.
Hiking boots become tied if hiking boots are untied and XX wears them.
Safety helmet becomes needed if safety helmet is not needed and XX wears safety helmet.
The melon becomes consumed if the melon is edible and XX eats it.
Cherries become served if cherries are unserved and XX serves them.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
The date becomes remembered if the date is unremembered and XX remembers it.
Dollars become used if dollars are unused and XX spends them.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
The strainer becomes used if the strainer is new and XX uses it.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
Cartoons become good if cartoons are stupid and XX enjoys them.
The lawn becomes nicely trimmed if the lawn is overgrown and XX mows it.
Center table becomes filled with silverware if center table is bare and XX sets center table.
Projection screen becomes unrolled if projection screen is rolled up and XX unrolls projection screen.
Baby cup before reusing becomes clean if baby cup before reusing is dirty and XX washes baby cup before reusing.
Stack of paper becomes organized if stack of paper is unorganized and XX arranges stack of paper.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
Paint tray becomes full if paint tray is empty and XX refills paint tray.
Contact lenses become in one's eyes if contact lenses are in solution and XX wears them.
Crushed soda can becomes trashed if crushed soda can is untrashed and XX dumps crushed soda can.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX hears it.
The kitty becomes dry if the kitty is wet and XX dries it.
Baby's bib becomes wet if baby's bib is dry and XX washes baby's bib.
Hotel room becomes reserved if hotel room is unreserved and XX reserves hotel room.
Curtains become drawn if curtains are undrawn and XX draws them.
The bottle becomes opened if the bottle is unopened and XX opens it.
Lint trap becomes the safe if lint trap is dangerous and XX cleans lint trap.
The person becomes talkative if the person is quiet and XX telephones him.
Files become in storage if files are available and XX archives them.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
Floppy into the floppy drive becomes inserted if floppy into the floppy drive is uninserted and XX inserts floppy into the floppy drive.
Important document becomes scanned if important document is not scanned and XX scans important document.
Receiver on cordless phone base becomes on if receiver on cordless phone base is off and XX charges receiver on cordless phone base.
Toys become gathered if toys are scattered and XX picks up them.
The hair becomes dry if hair with dryer is wet and XX dries hair with dryer.
The guitar becomes being played if the guitar is not being played and XX plays it.
The abacus becomes unused if the abacus is used and XX puts away it.
The pickle becomes nibbled if the pickle is whole and XX tastes it.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Threads become organized if threads are tangled and XX winds them.
Clean dishes becomes put away dishes if clean dishes is cleaned dishes and XX puts away clean dishes.
Dodgeball becomes filled if dodgeball is the flat and XX inflates dodgeball.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
The lawn becomes short if the lawn is long and XX mows it.
Bottle of wine becomes open if bottle of wine is closed and XX opens bottle of wine.
The person becomes buying a trash can if the trash can is empty-handed and XX picks it.
Microwave timer becomes being used if microwave timer is not being used and XX sets microwave timer.
The rack becomes arranged if the rack is messy and XX arranges it.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are unassembled and XX assembles them.
The riddle becomes heard if the riddle is huneard and XX hears it.
Doors become oiled if doors of the car is unoiled and XX oils doors of the car.
Torn clothes becomes repaired if torn clothes is torn and XX sews torn clothes.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
Joystick to play games becomes moving frantically if joystick to play games is motionless and XX uses joystick to play games.
The temperature becomes lower if the temperature is higher and XX lowers it.
The Mobile hand becomes Mobile if the hand is stationary and XX shakes it.
Computer desk becomes clean if computer desk is messy and XX cleans computer desk.
Lighting becomes bright if lighting is dim and XX increases it.
Stamp on letter becomes used if stamp on letter is new and XX puts stamp on letter.
Ball of string becomes unrolled if ball of string is rolled up and XX unrolls ball of string.
Phone bill becomes read if phone bill is unseen and XX checks phone bill.
The lawn becomes freshly cut if the lawn is too long and XX mows it.
The appliance becomes running if the appliance is off and XX turns on it.
Pile of paper becomes neat if pile of paper is messy and XX arranges pile of paper.
Stuffed rabbit becomes clean if stuffed rabbit is dusty and XX dusts stuffed rabbit.
Dvd disk becomes played if dvd disk is unplayed and XX plays dvd disk.
The plate becomes in the sink if plate in kitchen sink is out the sink and XX puts plate in kitchen sink.
The computer screen becomes clean if the computer screen is dirty and XX cleans it.
Flashlight in the dark becomes used if flashlight in the dark is unused and XX carries flashlight in the dark.
Crushed pop can becomes thrown away if crushed pop can is not thrown away and XX throws away crushed pop can.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
Bedspread when not in use becomes folded if bedspread when not in use is crumpled and XX folds bedspread when not in use.
Headlines of the newspaper becomes read if headlines of the newspaper is unread and XX reads headlines of the newspaper.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is opened and XX closes window sill.
The trunk becomes open if the trunk is locked and XX opens it.
Long jump rope becomes the wound if long jump rope is loose and XX winds up long jump rope.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
The magazine becomes read if the magazine is not read and XX reads it.
Power generator becomes used if power generator is unused and XX deploys power generator.
Food becomes served if food to people is unserved and XX serves food to people.
Papers become clipped together if papers are loose and XX clips them.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
Jewelry chest becomes closed if jewelry chest is open and XX closes jewelry chest.
The folding chair becomes open if the folding chair is closed and XX pries open it.
Clothes become folded if clothes are open and XX folds them.
The briefcase becomes secured if the briefcase is accessible and XX closes it.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes sanitary if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
The key becomes multiple keys if the key is a single key and XX duplicates it.
Pipe wrench becomes in torque if pipe wrench is resting and XX twists pipe wrench.
Dinner becomes prepared if dinner is unprepared and XX makes it.
Oil painting on the wall becomes in use if oil painting on the wall is unused and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
The vegetable becomes clean if the vegetable is dirty and XX washes it.
The rose becomes dead if the rose is growing and XX picks it.
Socks in drawer becomes sorted if socks in drawer is disorganized and XX keeps socks in drawer.
The umbrella becomes open if umbrella on rainy days is closed and XX uses umbrella on rainy days.
Long jump rope becomes taut if long jump rope from the ends is slack and XX tightens long jump rope from the ends.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
The report becomes read if the report is unread and XX reads it.
Glasswares in the cupboard becomes put away if glasswares in the cupboard is displayed and XX keeps glasswares in the cupboard.
Basketball becomes in the air if basketball is in a hand and XX tosses it.
Bottle of conditioner becomes discarded if bottle of conditioner is used and XX throws away bottle of conditioner.
Inkwell with ink becomes filled if inkwell with ink is unfilled and XX fills inkwell with ink.
The number becomes active if the number is inactive and XX dials it.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Shoes become on thefeet if shoes are in the closet and XX wears them.
The cutting board becomes being clean if the cutting board is dirty and XX sterilizes it.
Piece of bread becomes stale if piece of bread is fresh and XX throws away piece of bread.
Box of laundry softener becomes full if box of laundry softener is empty and XX refills box of laundry softener.
Kitchen with broom becomes used if kitchen with broom is unused and XX sweeps kitchen with broom.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
The ornament becomes displayed if the ornament is stored and XX hangs it.
The telephone becomes answered if the telephone is ringing and XX answers it.
The baton becomes Polished if the baton is dirty and XX Polishes it.
The stuffed animal becomes dry if the stuffed animal is wet and XX dries it.
The spring becomes tight if the spring is loose and XX tightens it.
The dispenser becomes full if the dispenser is empty and XX refills it.
Food becomes discarded if food is available and XX throws away it.
The number becomes correct if the number is incorrect and XX dials it.
The buckle becomes tied if the buckle is untied and XX ties it.
The outfit becomes not being in the closet if the outfit is being in the closet and XX wears it.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
The fuse becomes on if the fuse is off and XX checks it.
The vegetable becomes steamed if the vegetable is raw and XX cooks it.
The pencil becomes pointy if the pencil is dull and XX sharpens it.
The rodent becomes dead if the rodent is alive and XX kills it.
The arm becomes stressed if weights are resting and XX lifts them.
Dough becomes smooth if dough is lumpy and XX kneads it.
The shaving cream becomes used if the shaving cream is unused and XX applies it.
The business card becomes being in another if the business card is being in one person's hand and XX receives it.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
Dozen eggs becomes eaten if dozen eggs is uneaten and XX serves dozen eggs.
The safe becomes locked and closed if money secure is open and XX keeps money secure.
The paper becomes copied if the photocopy is original and XX makes it.
The manager becomes aware of problem if the manager is unaware of problem and XX calls him.
The closet becomes open if the closet is closed and XX opens it.
Bottle of beer becomes cold if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
Brakes become tightned if brakes are loose and XX tightens them.
The dog becomes kept if the dog is unkept and XX keeps it.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
Food becomes consumed if cooked food is uneaten and XX eats cooked food.
Drivers license renewed becomes not expired if drivers license renewed is expired and XX gets drivers license renewed.
Windows become covered if windows with curtains is uncovered and XX covers windows with curtains.
Golf clubs become new if golf clubs are old and XX replaces them.
The child becomes entertained if the child is unentertained and XX entertains him.
The hammock becomes taut if the hammock is sagging and XX tightens it.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX cooks it.
Baby cup becomes cleaned if baby cup is dirty and XX cleans baby cup.
The napkin becomes clean if the napkin is dirty and XX washes it.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The house becomes disinfected if the house is infected and XX fumigates it.
Saxaphone becomes loud if saxaphone is unheard and XX plays saxaphone.
Dog treat becomes sold if dog treat is for sale and XX buys dog treat.
The cap becomes worn if the cap is unworn and XX wears it.
The table becomes covered if table cloth on the table is naked and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
The piano becomes making music if the piano is not making music and XX plays it.
Spelling of the words becomes corrected if spelling of words is misspelled and XX corrects spelling of words.
The cassette becomes played if the cassette is unplayed and XX plays it.
The folder becomes neat if the folder is messy and XX organizes it.
The aspirin becomes taken if the aspirin is not taken and XX takes it.
Footboard height becomes correct if footboard height is too high and XX decreases footboard height.
Dusting cloth becomes wet if dusting cloth is dry and XX wets dusting cloth.
Ac becomes off if ac is on and XX turns off ac.
Dish washer becomes closed if dish washer is open and XX closes dish washer.
Roses become smelled if roses are not smelled and XX smells them.
Spool of thread becomes rolled up if spool of thread is unravelled and XX rolls spool of thread.
Muscles become loose if muscles are the tense and XX relaxes them.
The placemat becomes clean if the placemat is dirty and XX cleans it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The voltage becomes consisten if electric voltage is erratic and XX regulates electric voltage.
Water sprinkler becomes used if water sprinkler is unused and XX installs water sprinkler.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Power becomes on if fusebox is off and XX checks fusebox.
Spaghetti becomes eaten if spaghetti is on the plate and XX eats it.
The tent becomes open if the tent is folded and XX puts up it.
Candles become lit if candles are unlit and XX lights them.
Child's cup becomes full if child's cup is empty and XX fills child's cup.
Piece of art becomes admired if piece of art is unadmired and XX admires piece of art.
The mother becomes happy if the mother is sad and XX praises her.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
The arm becomes stressed if weights are resting and XX lifts them.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
Carton of eggs becomes empty if carton of eggs is full and XX consumes carton of eggs.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Spare tire becomes full if spare tire is the flat and XX inflates spare tire.
Child's seat becomes adjusted if child's seat is not adjusted and XX adjusts child's seat.
The goblet becomes clean if the goblet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The string becomes tight if the string is loose and XX tightens it.
The counter becomes dry if the counter is greasy and XX cleans it.
The text becomes read if the text is unread and XX reads it.
First aid box with medicines becomes filled if first aid box with medicines is empty and XX fills first aid box with medicines.
Juicer becomes clean if juicer is dirty and XX washes juicer.
The volume becomes adjusted if the volume is unchanged and XX adjusts it.
The potato becomes edible if the potato is raw and XX cooks it.
Foods become unavailable if foods are available and XX disposes of them.
Leather coat in winters becomes wet if leather coat in winters is dry and XX wears leather coat in winters.
Movie poster becomes attached if movie poster is free and XX hangs movie poster.
Water becomes hot if hot water knob is cold and XX turns on hot water knob.
The can becomes reused if the can is thrown away and XX recycles it.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
The floppy disk becomes archival if the floppy disk is used and XX preserves it.
Pair of pajamas becomes tight if pair of pajamas is loose and XX fastens pair of pajamas.
Tool kit becomes put away if tool kit is out and XX stores tool kit.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
Glass bottle becomes a new recycled bottle if glass bottle is broken and XX recycles glass bottle.
Piece of fish becomes eaten if piece of fish is uneaten and XX eats piece of fish.
Baby car seat becomes new if baby car seat is old and XX upgrades baby car seat.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
The number becomes dialed if the number is not dialed and XX dials it.
Pants before wearing becomes ironed if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
An object becomes located if an object is lost and XX finds an object.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Match box becomes closed if match box is open and XX closes match box.
The birthday cake becomes owned if the birthday cake is needed and XX buys it.
The stamp pad becomes wet if the stamp pad is dry and XX wets it.
Garbage bag becomes in movement if garbage bag is stationary and XX picks garbage bag.
The drill becomes used if the drill is unused and XX uses it.
Baby cup becomes clean if baby cup is dirty and XX cleans baby cup.
Oncoming traffic becomes watched if oncoming traffic is not watched and XX watches oncoming traffic.
The envelope becomes sealed if the envelope is unsealed and XX seals it.
Sushi becomes eaten if sushi is uneaten and XX eats it.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
Bicycle tyre becomes inflated if bicycle tyre is the flat and XX inflates bicycle tyre.
The package becomes open if the package is sealed and XX opens it.
The folder becomes organized if the folder is messy and XX organizes it.
The letter becomes stamped if the letter is unstamped and XX stamps it.
Piece of clothing becomes fixed if piece of clothing is ripped and XX sews piece of clothing.
Jar of jam becomes open if jar of jam is closed and XX opens jar of jam.
Soft-drink can becomes recycled if soft-drink can is raw and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Bathroom cabinet becomes closed if bathroom cabinet is open and XX closes bathroom cabinet.
Stamps with glue becomes wet if stamps with glue is dry and XX sticks stamps with glue.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX cleans pile of laundry.
The raincoat becomes worn if the raincoat is unworn and XX wears it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Computer desk becomes clean if computer desk is messy and XX cleans computer desk.
The reclining chair becomes tall if the reclining chair is short and XX adjusts it.
The soccer ball becomes used if the soccer ball is unused and XX kicks it.
The photocopy becomes made if the photocopy is unmade and XX makes it.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is wet and XX dries piece of wood.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are drained and XX charges them.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
Rain coat becomes worn by someone if rain coat is hanging in the closet and XX puts on rain coat.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes plugged in if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is unplugged and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
The toilet becomes scrubbed if the toilet is unscrubbed and XX scrubs it.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
The present becomes unwrapped if the present is wrapped and XX unwraps it.
The racket becomes fixed if the racket is broken and XX strings it.
Dog bone becomes chased if dog bone is dogbone and XX takes away dog bone.
The tie becomes worn if the tie is unworn and XX wears it.
The tricycle becomes oiled if the tricycle is not oiled and XX oils it.
The t-shirt becomes worn if the t-shirt is unworn and XX wears it.
The jacket becomes being on somebody's body if the jacket is being on a hook or hanger and XX wears it.
Shaving foam container becomes shaken if shaving foam container is unshaken and XX shakes shaving foam container.
Bunch of roses becomes in a vase if bunch of roses in vase is in a bunch and XX puts bunch of roses in vase.
Baby's bib becomes clean if baby's bib is soiled and XX washes baby's bib.
Wrist guard becomes tight if wrist guard is loose and XX tightens wrist guard.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
Call bell becomes acknowledged if call bell is unanswered and XX answers call bell.
The PC becomes disassembled if the PC is intact and XX takes apart it.
Pumpkin vegetable becomes the mush if pumpkin vegetable is whole and XX eats pumpkin vegetable.
Ice cube tray becomes having water if ice cube tray is not having water and XX refills ice cube tray.
Glasses become being worn if glasses are not being worn and XX wears them.
Travel brochure becomes seen if travel brochure is unseen and XX sees travel brochure.
The coke becomes in the refrigerator if coke in refrigerator is out of the refrigerator and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
The business card becomes seen if the business card is unseen and XX gives out it.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
The car becomes on if the car engine is off and XX STARTS it.
The coin becomes held if the coin is unheld and XX picks up it.
The garden tool becomes sharp if the garden tool is dull and XX sharpens it.
The trash becomes there if the trash is here and XX pushes it.
Organizing bin becomes organized if organizing bin is disorganized and XX arranges organizing bin.
The whisky becomes consumed if the whisky is not consumed and XX drinks it.
Pile of papers becomes thrown if pile of papers is held and XX throws pile of papers.
Dog and cat toy becomes kept if dog and cat toy is possibly thrown out and XX keeps dog and cat toy.
Important document becomes duplicated if important document is single copy and XX scans important document.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries out bath mat.
Washbasin becomes clean if washbasin is dirty and XX wipes washbasin.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The skylight becomes installed if the skylight is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
The floor becomes vacuumed if the floor is not vacuumed and XX vacuums it.
The jug becomes empty if the jug is full and XX empties it.
Frozen dinner becomes ready to eat if frozen dinner is uncooked and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX vacuums it.
Adhesive becomes used if adhesive is new and XX gets adhesive.
Piano bench becomes comfortable if piano bench is uncomfortable and XX adjusts piano bench.
Dust-pan becomes empty if dust-pan is full and XX empties dust-pan.
The footwear becomes worn if the footwear is unworn and XX wears it.
The textbook becomes read if the textbook is unread and XX reads it.
The spider becomes scared if spider from wall is calm and XX removes spider from wall.
The steering wheel becomes controlled if the steering wheel is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
The patient becomes good if the doctor is bad and XX informs him.
Flower bouquet in drawing room becomes dying if flower bouquet in drawing room is alive and XX keeps flower bouquet in drawing room.
Clean clothes becomes on a person if clean clothes is on a hanger and XX wears clean clothes.
Clothes peg becomes attached if clothes peg is detached and XX attaches clothes peg.
Medicines become used if medicines are unused and XX takes them.
The coke becomes chilled if coke in refrigerator is room temperature and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
Meat becomes cooked if meat is raw and XX cooks it.
The fireplace becomes clean if the fireplace is dirty and XX cleans it.
The refrigerator becomes sold if the refrigerator is owned and XX sells it.
Bottle of wine becomes open if bottle of wine is not open and XX opens bottle of wine.
The page becomes hard copy if the page is visual and XX prints it.
Lid of ice box becomes open if lid of ice box is closed and XX opens lid of ice box.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
The show becomes interesting if the show is boring and XX enjoys it.
Here pliers become here if pliers are somewhere else and XX brings them.
The screw becomes tightened if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes ready to start if dishes in dishwasher is empty and XX loads dishes in dishwasher.
Center table becomes the set if center table is unmade and XX sets center table.
Elastic band becomes expanded if elastic band is contracted and XX stretches elastic band.
Person's telephone number becomes dialled if person's telephone number is not dialled and XX dials person's telephone number.
The hair clip becomes taut if the hair clip is loose and XX tightens it.
Spare tire becomes full of air if spare tire is the flat and XX inflates spare tire.
Lid of washing machine becomes closed if lid of washing machine is open and XX opens lid of washing machine.
Coat in hanger becomes hung if coat in hanger is on the floor and XX hangs coat in hanger.
Wet load of laundry becomes clean if wet load of laundry is dirty and XX washes wet load of laundry.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The onion becomes eaten if the onion is uneaten and XX eats it.
Hot coffee becomes in a mug if hot coffee is in a carafe and XX serves hot coffee.
The trash receptacle becomes clean if the trash receptacle is dirty and XX empties it.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is closed and XX opens it.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
Food becomes ready to eat if food is unprepared and XX prepares it.
The lid becomes open if lid of ice box is closed and XX opens lid of ice box.
Scrap in dustbin becomes full if scrap in dustbin is empty and XX throws scrap in dustbin.
Bottle of soda in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of soda in refrigerator is warm and XX places bottle of soda in refrigerator.
Ac becomes on if ac is off and XX turns off ac.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
Allergens becomes gone if allergens is the present and XX removes allergens.
The meal becomes served if the meal is unserved and XX serves it.
Spelling of words becomes the right if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
Pair of pants becomes worn if pair of pants is not worn and XX wears pair of pants.
Bottle of mustard becomes filled if bottle of mustard is empty and XX fills bottle of mustard.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The keyboard becomes used if the keyboard is unused and XX plays it.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
The drivers license becomes valid if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
The wheel becomes whirling if the wheel is idle and XX spins it.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
The parcel becomes sent if the parcel is unsent and XX mails it.
Piece of cheese becomes non-existant if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
The raincoat becomes worn if the raincoat is not worn and XX wears it.
The file becomes used if the file is unused and XX uses it.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
Toy room becomes organized if toy room is disorganized and XX arranges toy room.
The bunny becomes scareed if the bunny is OK and XX picks it.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
Mixer in electricity outlet becomes being powered if mixer in electricity outlet is not having power and XX plugs mixer in electricity outlet.
The birthday becomes enjoyed if the birthday is forgotten and XX celebrates it.
Paper for future reference becomes filed if paper for future reference is unfiled and XX files paper for future reference.
Air conditioning duct becomes fixed if air conditioning duct is broken and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
The dishwasher becomes full if the dishwasher is empty and XX empties it.
Jar of cotton balls becomes full if jar of cotton balls is empty and XX refills jar of cotton balls.
Clothes become worn if clothes are unworn and XX puts on them.
Dodgeball becomes caught if dodgeball is thrown and XX catches dodgeball.
The hair becomes styled if the hair is messy and XX brushes it.
Paper tray becomes full if papers in paper tray is empty and XX keeps papers in paper tray.
The hand becomes waving if the hand is by side and XX waves it.
Portable vacuum becomes empty if portable vacuum is full and XX empties portable vacuum.
Mechanical pencil becomes filled if mechanical pencil is empty and XX refills mechanical pencil.
Payment through credit card becomes paid if payment through credit card is unpaid and XX makes payment through credit card.
The compactor becomes empty if the compactor is full and XX empties it.
The closet becomes open if the closet is closed and XX opens it.
Dishes become clean if dirty dishes is dirty and XX washes dirty dishes.
Sheet of paper becomes disposed of if sheet of paper is needed and XX throws away sheet of paper.
Garbage bag becomes far if garbage bag is near and XX throws garbage bag.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are unassembled and XX assembles them.
Skate board becomes rolling if skate board is stationary and XX rides skate board.
Gingerbread cookies becomes eaten if gingerbread cookies is uneaten and XX eats gingerbread cookies.
Flour container becomes full if flour container with flour is empty and XX fills flour container with flour.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
Pasta becomes drained if pasta is wet and XX drains it.
The dishwasher becomes full if the dishwasher is empty and XX loads it.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is dirty and XX tidies it.
Hiking boots become clean if hiking boots are dirty and XX cleans them.
The lightbulb becomes out of the socket if the lightbulb is in the socket and XX changes it.
Broken necklace becomes fixed if broken necklace is broken and XX repairs broken necklace.
Hot tea becomes in the stomache if hot tea is in the cup and XX drinks hot tea.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Bathroom sink becomes dirty if bathroom sink is clean and XX uses bathroom sink.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
The nail becomes straight if the nail is bent and XX straightens it.
Garbage bin becomes having a lid if garbage bin is not having a lid and XX closes garbage bin.
Money becomes spent if money is available and XX spends it.
The person becomes talkative if the person is quiet and XX telephones him.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
The mushroom becomes cooked if the mushroom is raw and XX cooks it.
Shoes on the door mat becomes clean if shoes on the door mat is dirty and XX cleans shoes on the door mat.
Weights become lifted if weights are immobile and XX lifts them.
The golf ball becomes moving if the golf ball is still and XX hits it.
The faucet becomes off if faucet when not in use is on and XX closes faucet when not in use.
Box of laundry softener becomes full if box of laundry softener is empty and XX refills box of laundry softener.
The notebook becomes made if the notebook is unmade and XX makes it.
The lobster becomes in a stomach if the lobster is in it's shell and XX eats it.
Pile of paper becomes neat if pile of paper is messy and XX arranges pile of paper.
Golf clubs become new if golf clubs are old and XX replaces them.
The t-shirt becomes dirty if the t-shirt is clean and XX wears it.
The friend becomes thanked if the friend is unthanked and XX thanks him.
The camera becomes straight if camera tripod is angled and XX levels camera tripod.
The air conditioner becomes active if the air conditioner is dormant and XX turns on it.
Walking cane becomes picked up if walking cane is on the floor and XX picks up walking cane.
Eggs become cooked if the omelette is raw and XX prepares it.
The cotton becomes contaminated if the cotton is pure and XX uses it.
The cream becomes on the skin if the cream is in the bottle and XX applies it.
The street becomes found if the street is not found and XX locates it.
Projected image becomes in focus if the slide projector is out of focus and XX focuses it.
Snap with camera becomes shut if snap with camera is open and XX takes snap with camera.
The envelope becomes closed if the envelope is open and XX seals it.
Bar of soap becomes small if bar of soap is big and XX dries out bar of soap.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX washes it.
The network becomes restarted if the network is unrestarted and XX restarts it.
The disk becomes formatted if the disk is unformatted and XX formats it.
An object becomes dynamic if an object is the static and XX throws an object.
Trash bag becomes on the curb if trash bag is in the house and XX throws trash bag.
The heat becomes on if the heat is off and XX turns on it.
Desk fan becomes clean if desk fan is dirty and XX cleans desk fan.
Lid on the carton becomes closed if lid on the carton is open and XX closes lid on the carton.
The sample becomes examined if the sample is unknown and XX examines it.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Preservatives become preserving if preservatives are unused and XX adds them.
Water supply tap becomes not dispensing water if water supply tap is dispensing water and XX shuts off water supply tap.
An object becomes moved if an object is unmoved and XX moves an object.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes charged if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is uncharged and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
The back becomes relaxed if back massager is the tense and XX uses back massager.
Presents become recieved if presents are given and XX appreciates them.
The counter becomes dry if the counter is greasy and XX cleans it.
Batteries of remote control becomes charged if batteries of remote control is dead and XX recharges batteries of remote control.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX cleans dirty clothes in laundry.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
The computer becomes clean if the computer is dirty and XX cleans it.
Meat becomes thawed if frozen meat is frozen and XX microwaves frozen meat.
Creases become absent if creases are the present and XX irons out them.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
The coat becomes dried if the coat is damp and XX dries it.
Boxes one upon another becomes stacked if boxes one upon another is scattered and XX puts boxes one upon another.
The brass instrument becomes clean if the brass instrument is dirty and XX Polishes it.
Bowl of crayons becomes neat if bowl of crayons is messy and XX arranges bowl of crayons.
The document becomes another if the document is one format and XX saves it.
Watering can with water becomes full if watering can with water is empty and XX fills watering can with water.
The boiled egg becomes cooked if the boiled egg is raw and XX eats it.
The display becomes watched if the display is unwatched and XX watches it.
Torn clothes becomes sewed if torn clothes is unsewed and XX sews torn clothes.
The child becomes cared for if the child is uncared for and XX takes care of him.
Coffee for the person becomes made if coffee for the person is unmade and XX prepares coffee for the person.
Information in disk drive becomes used if information in disk drive is empty and XX stores information in disk drive.
Windows to let out fumes becomes open if windows to let out fumes is closed and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
Pickled cucumber becomes eaten if pickled cucumber is uneaten and XX eats pickled cucumber.
Bag of corn chips becomes empty if bag of corn chips is fill and XX consumes bag of corn chips.
Bottle of beer becomes open if bottle of beer is closed and XX opens bottle of beer.
Person who is bored becomes entertained if person who is bored is bored and XX entertains person who is bored.
Diaper rash cream on the baby becomes on the baby if diaper rash cream on the baby is in the rube and XX applies diaper rash cream on the baby.
The kite becomes being in the air if the kite is being on the grass and XX flies it.
Ludo game with children becomes being played with if ludo game with children is boxed and XX plays ludo game with children.
The seat belt becomes buckled if the seat belt is unbuckled and XX buckles it.
Piece of bread becomes broken if piece of bread is whole and XX throws away piece of bread.
Bundle of yarn with care becomes touched if bundle of yarn with care is untouched and XX handles bundle of yarn with care.
The cutting board becomes clean if the cutting board is dirty and XX sterilizes it.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
Citronella candle becomes lit if citronella candle is unlit and XX lights citronella candle.
Bottle of beer becomes frosty if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
The phone becomes busy if the phone is idel and XX answers it.
The compactor becomes empty if the compactor is full and XX empties it.
The shadow becomes seen if the shadow is unseen and XX sees it.
Dvd disk becomes played if dvd disk is unplayed and XX plays dvd disk.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
Bowl of soup on dinner table becomes empty if bowl of soup on dinner table is full of soup and XX serves bowl of soup on dinner table.
The rubber stamp becomes inked if rubber stamp before use is uninked and XX inks rubber stamp before use.
Mail becomes checked if mail is not checked and XX checks it.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
Pacifier to baby becomes used if pacifier to baby is unused and XX gives pacifier to baby.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
Stove burner becomes working if stove burner is not working and XX replaces stove burner.
The salmon becomes eaten if the salmon is uneated and XX eats it.
Telephone cord becomes unkinked if telephone cord is kinked and XX extends telephone cord.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
The orange becomes peeled and eaten if the orange is unpeeled and XX eats it.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
Food becomes hot if food is cold and XX warms up it.
Child's seat becomes comfortable if child's seat is uncomfortable and XX adjusts child's seat.
Floor lamp becomes on if floor lamp is off and XX operates floor lamp.
The clock becomes late if the clock is on time and XX rewinds it.
Light fixture becomes off if light fixture is on and XX turns off light fixture.
Piece of clothing becomes attached if piece of clothing is separate and XX sews piece of clothing.
Microwave timer becomes on if microwave timer is off and XX sets microwave timer.
Oil lamp becomes hot if oil lamp is cool and XX burns oil lamp.
Tub with water becomes fuller if tub with water is emptier and XX fills tub with water.
Skate board becomes occupied if skate board is unoccupied and XX rides skate board.
The toothpaste becomes empty if the toothpaste is full and XX squeezes it.
The album becomes full if photographs in album is empty and XX puts photographs in album.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX cleans them.
Snap with camera becomes taken if snap with camera is untaken and XX takes snap with camera.
The puncture becomes closed if the puncture is open and XX repairs it.
Dirty dishes becomes clean if dirty dishes is dirty and XX rinses dirty dishes.
The socket becomes found if the socket is lost and XX finds it.
Nails become smooth if nails are chipped and XX clips them.
The boiled egg becomes eaten if the boiled egg is not eaten and XX eats it.
The alphabet becomes known if the alphabet is unknown and XX teaches it.
The appliance becomes on if the appliance is off and XX turns on it.
Baby's bib becomes clean if baby's bib is dirty and XX washes baby's bib.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is on the plate and XX eats it.
The amplifier becomes turned down if the amplifier is turned up and XX turns down it.
Broken glass bottle becomes cleaned up if broken glass bottle is scatered and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
Files become up to date if files are outdated and XX updates them.
Whiteboard becomes clean if whiteboard with duster is dirty and XX rubs whiteboard with duster.
Drain plug becomes open if drain plug is closed and XX opens drain plug.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
Raincoat in closet becomes in the closet if raincoat in closet is on the person and XX hangs raincoat in closet.
Lighting becomes bright if lighting is dim and XX increases it.
Exhaust fan becomes used if exhaust fan is unused and XX uses exhaust fan.
The task becomes simple if the task is difficult and XX simplifies it.
Painting becomes displayed on the wall if painting is unhung and XX puts up it.
The computer software becomes installed if the computer software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Rice becomes cooked if rice is raw and XX cooks it.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Power generator becomes on if power generator is off and XX deploys power generator.
Information in disk drive becomes used if information in disk drive is empty and XX stores information in disk drive.
The orange juice becomes in the glass if the orange is in the orange and XX squeezes it.
The closet becomes open if the closet is closed and XX opens it.
Three piece suit becomes smooth if three piece suit is wrinkled and XX irons three piece suit.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
Deck of cards becomes random if deck of cards is ordered and XX shuffles deck of cards.
Desk fan becomes in use if desk fan is unused and XX uses desk fan.
Bathroom shower becomes operated if bathroom shower is not operated and XX operates bathroom shower.
The cell phone becomes recharged if the cell phone is discharged and XX charges it.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
The bundle becomes a ball or skein if bundle of yarn is a knot and XX untangles bundle of yarn.
Baby food becomes prepared if baby food is unprepared and XX prepares baby food.
Coke can becomes empty if coke can is full and XX disposes coke can.
The preservative becomes not used if the preservative is used and XX avoids it.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Range if not in use becomes off if range if not in use is on and XX turns off range if not in use.
Jar of jam becomes open if jar of jam is closed and XX opens jar of jam.
The floppy disk becomes cleaned if the floppy disk is used and XX formats it.
The blackboard becomes clear if the blackboard is filled with writing and XX wipes it.
The pill becomes in the stomach if the pill is in the bottle and XX takes it.
Bottle of mustard becomes full if bottle of mustard is empty and XX fills bottle of mustard.
The drivers license becomes valid if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
Lettuce head becomes chopped if lettuce head is whole and XX chops lettuce head.
The napkin becomes clean if the napkin is dirty and XX washes it.
The rack becomes arranged if the rack is disarranged and XX arranges it.
Laundry hamper becomes empty if laundry hamper is full and XX empties laundry hamper.
Flower bouquet becomes accepted if flower bouquet is unaccepted and XX accepts flower bouquet.
The CD BURNER becomes in use if the CD BURNER is not in use and XX uses it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes clean if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX cleans dishes in dishwasher.
Computer joystick becomes connected if computer joystick to play games is disconnected and XX connects computer joystick to play games.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX empties lint trap.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
The clipboard becomes full of paper if the clipboard is empty and XX uses it.
Ear-ring becomes on if ear-ring is not on and XX wears ear-ring.
The bathtub becomes clean if the bathtub is dirty and XX washes it.
Tupperware becomes cleaned if tupperware is not cleaned and XX cleans tupperware.
Nails become clipped if nails are unclipped and XX clips them.
The package becomes sent in the mail if the package is undelivered and XX posts it.
The riddle becomes heard if the riddle is unspoken and XX hears it.
The text becomes read if the text is unread and XX reads it.
The christmas tree becomes decorated if the christmas tree is undecorated and XX lights it.
The faucet becomes off if faucet when not in use is on and XX closes faucet when not in use.
Sugar in coffee becomes meldon if sugar in coffee is unmelted and XX puts sugar in coffee.
Clothes become on if clothes are no on and XX puts on them.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
Pepsi can becomes crushed if pepsi can is perfect and XX crushes pepsi can.
Gas range becomes off if gas range when not in use is on and XX turns off gas range when not in use.
Potted flower becomes moist if potted flower is dry and XX waters potted flower.
Christmas cookie becomes gone if christmas cookie is whole and XX eats christmas cookie.
The clock becomes showing the correct time if the clock is showing the wrong time and XX adjusts it.
New diaper on the baby becomes used if new diaper on the baby is unused and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
The raincoat becomes wet if the raincoat is dry and XX uses it.
The clock becomes functional if the clock is nonfunctional and XX rewinds it.
Teddy in children's room becomes kept if teddy in children's room is unkept and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
The stamp pad becomes moist if the stamp pad is dry and XX refills it.
Spaghetti becomes in the tummy if spaghetti is on the plate and XX eats it.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
Bottle of water becomes full if bottle of water is empty and XX refills bottle of water.
Nails become short if nails are long and XX clips them.
Glass of window becomes clean if glass of window is dirty and XX cleans glass of window.
The charger becomes not plugged if charger when finished is plugged and XX unplugs charger when finished.
The fishtank becomes clean water if the fishtank is dirty water and XX cleans it.
Hot coffee becomes internal if hot coffee is external and XX drinks hot coffee.
The omelette becomes consumed if the omelette is not consumed and XX eats it.
The textbook becomes read if the textbook is unread and XX reads it.
The container becomes full if laundry softener is empty and XX refills laundry softener.
Hiking backpack becomes been carried if hiking backpack is not been carried and XX carries hiking backpack.
Pile of papers becomes scattered if pile of papers is stacked and XX throws pile of papers.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX washes pile of laundry.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Potted plant becomes wet if potted plant is dry and XX waters potted plant.
Leather coat in winters becomes worn if leather coat in winters is unworn and XX wears leather coat in winters.
Chocolate pudding becomes eaten if chocolate pudding is uneaten and XX eats chocolate pudding.
Sugar cookie becomes eaten if sugar cookie is uneaten and XX eats sugar cookie.
Medicine becomes in a dosage if medicine is in bulk and XX measures it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Painting becomes on the wall if painting is on the ground and XX puts up it.
Soup becomes in the tummy if soup is in the bowl and XX drinks it.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
An infant becomes in your arms if an infant is on the floor and XX picks an infant.
Tea becomes boiled if tea is dry and XX makes it.
The heat becomes on if the heat is off and XX turns on it.
Air conditioning duct becomes fixed if air conditioning duct is broken and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
Beautiful artifacts becomes used if beautiful artifacts is unused and XX uses beautiful artifacts.
Ink cartridge becomes used if ink cartridge is unused and XX refills ink cartridge.
The shirt becomes ironed if the shirt is wrinkled and XX irons it.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX disposes it.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
Time clock becomes the set if time clock is unset and XX sets time clock.
Bunch of grapes becomes eaten if bunch of grapes is pristine and XX eats bunch of grapes.
Weather becomes known if weather is unknown and XX checks it.
Mechanical pencil becomes fileld if mechanical pencil is empty and XX refills mechanical pencil.
The strainer becomes dirty if the strainer is clean and XX uses it.
The restaurant becomes busy if the restaurant is quiet and XX calls it.
Pile of dirt becomes bigger if pile of dirt is smaller and XX sweeps pile of dirt.
The front door becomes open if the front door is shut and XX opens it.
The junk mail becomes deleted if the junk mail is non-deleted and XX deletes it.
The steering wheel becomes unlocked if the steering wheel is locked and XX unlocks it.
The bath becomes used if the bath is unused and XX takes it.
The omelette becomes less hot if the omelette is hot and XX serves it.
Garbage becomes taken out if garbage is not taken out and XX takes out it.
The sofa bed becomes closed if the sofa bed is open and XX closes it.
The envelope becomes opened if the envelope is close and XX mails it.
Floor lamp becomes on if floor lamp is off and XX operates floor lamp.
Walls and floor becomes clean if walls and floor is dirty and XX wipes off walls and floor.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX empties lint trap.
Bag of money becomes protected if bag of money is unprotected and XX safeguards bag of money.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is in the trash and XX recycles coke can.
Brakes become tightned if brakes are loose and XX tightens them.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
The scarf becomes worn if the scarf is hanging and XX wears it.
The furniture becomes in place if the furniture is out of place and XX moves it.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
Curtains become closed if curtains are open and XX closes them.
The trip becomes off if the trip is on and XX cancels it.
Mail becomes sent if mail is unsent and XX addresses it.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is dirty and XX tidies it.
Toy bricks becomes organized if toy bricks is disorganized and XX arranges toy bricks.
Toilet scrubber becomes rinsed if toilet scrubber with water is grossly contaminated and XX rinses toilet scrubber with water.
The file becomes deleted if the file is available and XX deletes it.
Computer monitor becomes off if computer monitor is on and XX turns off computer monitor.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
The desktop becomes organized if the desktop is messy and XX organizes it.
The child becomes praised if the child is unpraised and XX praises him.
Bowl with crayons becomes empty if bowl with crayons is full and XX uses bowl with crayons.
Tea in  cup becomes absent if tea in  cup is the present and XX drinks tea in  cup.
The baton becomes Polished if the baton is unpolished and XX Polishes it.
Halogen desk lamp becomes bright if halogen desk lamp is off and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
Shoes become worn if shoes are unworn and XX wears them.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX refills conditioner bottle.
Grades become high if grades are low and XX improves them.
Name plate becomes clean if name plate is dirty and XX wipes name plate.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
The envelope becomes sealed if the envelope is unsealed and XX seals it.
Watering can becomes full if watering can with water is empty and XX fills watering can with water.
Liquid from floor becomes dried up if liquid from floor is wet and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is unopened and XX opens it.
Cdrw becomes closed if cdrw is open and XX closes cdrw.
Bottle of soda becomes cold if bottle of soda is warm and XX chills bottle of soda.
Car keys becomes found if car keys is lost and XX finds car keys.
The laundry becomes clean if load of laundry in the laundry basket is dirty and XX washes load of laundry in the laundry basket.
Boxes to pack things becomes used if boxes to pack things is unused and XX uses boxes to pack things.
The pitcher becomes full if the pitcher is empty and XX refills it.
Pile of paper becomes neat if pile of paper is messy and XX arranges pile of paper.
Windows become off if windows are on and XX shuts down them.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
Dough becomes kneaded if dough is unkneaded and XX kneads it.
The valve becomes closed if the valve is open and XX tightens it.
Phone bill becomes read if phone bill is unseen and XX checks phone bill.
Mail becomes checked if mail is unchecked and XX checks it.
The microprocessor becomes fast if the microprocessor is being slow and XX upgrades it.
Spilled liquids becomes dry if spilled liquids is wet and XX wipes up spilled liquids.
Dinner becomes cooked if dinner is raw and XX makes it.
Meat into the grinder becomes grinded if meat into the grinder is not grinded and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
Pasta becomes eaten if pasta is not eaten and XX eats it.
Tape cassette becomes running if tape cassette is staionary and XX plays tape cassette.
Three piece suit becomes used if three piece suit is unworn and XX wears three piece suit.
The can becomes crushed if the can is intact and XX recycles it.
The bath becomes full if the bath is empty and XX takes it.
The room becomes ordered if the room is disordered and XX arranges it.
Electric voltage becomes the static if electric voltage is the variable and XX regulates electric voltage.
The house becomes locked if the house is unlocked and XX locks it.
Cooked lobster becomes eaten if cooked lobster is not eaten and XX eats cooked lobster.
Mixer in electricity outlet becomes connected if mixer in electricity outlet is disconnected and XX plugs mixer in electricity outlet.
The radiator becomes cool if the radiator is hot and XX cools it.
Dodgeball becomes caught if dodgeball is thrown and XX catches dodgeball.
Wet floor becomes dry if wet floor is wet and XX wipes wet floor.
Fluids become empty if fluids are full and XX drinks them.
The tree becomes watered if the tree is dry and XX waters it.
Telephone cord becomes long if telephone cord is too short and XX extends telephone cord.
Pasta becomes eaten if pasta is served and XX eats it.
Leather satchel becomes outdoor if leather satchel is indoor and XX carries leather satchel.
Network hub becomes on if network hub is off and XX restarts network hub.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is dirty and XX tidies it.
Chinese checkers board becomes used if chinese checkers board is unused and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Gingerbread cookies becomes eaten if gingerbread cookies is uneaten and XX eats gingerbread cookies.
The calculator becomes on if the calculator is off and XX uses it.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX washes pile of laundry.
The dentist becomes consulted if the dentist is unconsulted and XX consults him.
Hand of baby becomes held if hand of baby is unheld and XX holds hand of baby.
Desk fan becomes not moving if desk fan is moving and XX shuts off desk fan.
The computer game becomes put away in a cd case if the computer game is being played on the computer and XX puts away it.
The net becomes full if the net is empty and XX surfs it.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
Teeth become clean if teeth are dirty and XX brushes them.
Trash bag becomes carried if trash bag is uncarried and XX carries trash bag.
Ravioli before serving becomes cooked if ravioli before serving is raw and XX cooks ravioli before serving.
The junk mail becomes garbage if the junk mail is mail and XX throws away it.
The bracelet becomes old if the bracelet is new and XX wears it.
The corndog becomes cooked if the corndog is raw and XX cooks it.
The floor becomes shining if the floor is muddy and XX mops it.
Desk fan becomes still if desk fan is running and XX shuts off desk fan.
Drums become beaten if drums are not beaten and XX beats them.
Bill becomes settled if Bill is unpaid and XX pays him.
The jug becomes empty if the jug is full and XX empties it.
Shutter of the camera to take photograph becomes open if shutter of the camera to take photograph is closed and XX opens shutter of the camera to take photograph.
Documents become copied if documents are unique and XX photocopies them.
Power battery becomes charged if power battery is not charged and XX recharges power battery.
The memo becomes delivered if the memo is pre-sent and XX sends it.
The cheeseburger becomes eaten if the cheeseburger is uneaten and XX eats it.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
Fan switch becomes on position if fan switch is the off position and XX turns on fan switch.
The number becomes dieled if the number is undieled and XX dials it.
The jelly becomes prepared if the jelly is unprepared and XX makes it.
The cantaloupe becomes eaten if the cantaloupe is untouched and XX eats it.
The sleeping bag becomes clean if the sleeping bag is dirty and XX cleans it.
The hair dryer becomes unplugged if the hair dryer is plugged in and XX unplugs it.
Keys become found if keys are hidden and XX finds them.
The roach becomes dead if the roach is alive and XX kills it.
Microwave timer becomes accurate if microwave timer is flashing and XX sets microwave timer.
The tennis ball becomes in use if the tennis ball is unused and XX uses it.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Boxing bag becomes tight if boxing bag is loose and XX tightens boxing bag.
The vase becomes full if vase with water is empty and XX fills vase with water.
Piece of wood becomes burned if piece of wood is unburned and XX burns piece of wood.
The fan becomes idle if the fan is active and XX shuts off it.
The perfume becomes wiped up if the perfume is spilled and XX cleans up it.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
Handlebars become warm if handlebars are cold and XX holds them.
The costume becomes washed if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
Trash bag becomes thrown if trash bag is unthrown and XX throws trash bag.
Wedge of cheese becomes eaten if wedge of cheese is uneaten and XX eats wedge of cheese.
Medicine capsule becomes being ingested if medicine capsule is being in bottle and XX ingests medicine capsule.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX cooks it.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
Wax candle becomes liquid if wax candle is hard and XX lights wax candle.
Seal of new batteries becomes the split if seal of new batteries is whole and XX opens seal of new batteries.
The stamp becomes wet if the stamp is dry and XX sticks it.
The keyboard becomes unpressed if the keyboard is pressed and XX plays it.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is stationary and XX kicks it.
Food becomes covered if food is uncovered and XX covers it.
The CD becomes playing on the stereo if the CD is turned off and XX plays it.
Footboard becomes a lower height if footboard height is high and XX decreases footboard height.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
Coffee becomes gains if coffee is beans and XX makes it.
Cell phone's battery becomes strong if cell phone's battery is weak and XX recharges cell phone's battery.
Sugar becomes added if sugar is not added and XX adds it.
The bunny becomes watched if the bunny is ignored and XX watches it.
The switch becomes off if the switch is on and XX turns off it.
Printing cartridge becomes full if printing cartridge is empty and XX replaces printing cartridge.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
The bath becomes taken if the bath is not taken and XX takes it.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
Three piece suit becomes on the body if three piece suit is in the closet and XX wears three piece suit.
Water becomes hot if hot water knob is cold and XX turns on hot water knob.
Holidays become fun if holidays are boring and XX enjoys them.
The jelly becomes digested if the jelly is uneaten and XX eats it.
Books in shelf becomes dusty if books in shelf is new and XX keeps books in shelf.
Lid of ice box becomes open if lid of ice box is closed and XX opens lid of ice box.
The drumstick becomes in the stomach if the drumstick is outside the body and XX eats it.
Kitchen gas becomes off if kitchen gas is on and XX turns off kitchen gas.
Shower rod becomes installed if shower rod is on the ground and XX installs shower rod.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
Glasswares in the cupboard becomes put away if glasswares in the cupboard is out of the cupboard and XX keeps glasswares in the cupboard.
The child becomes disciplined if the child is undisciplined and XX disciplines him.
The web browser becomes open if the web browser is closed and XX opens it.
Height of baby chair becomes correct if height of baby chair is wrong and XX adjusts height of baby chair.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is available and XX eats it.
The shoe becomes shiny if the shoe is dull and XX shines it.
Bottle of conditoner becomes empty if bottle of conditoner is full and XX consumes bottle of conditoner.
The bottle becomes open if bottle opener to open the bottle is sealed and XX uses bottle opener to open the bottle.
The soccer ball becomes in motion if the soccer ball is stationary and XX kicks it.
The laptop computer becomes off if the laptop computer is on and XX reboots it.
The desk becomes clear if the desk is cluttered and XX arranges it.
The recycling becomes out of the house if the recycling is in the house and XX takes out it.
Block of swiss cheese becomes eaten if block of swiss cheese is uneaten and XX eats block of swiss cheese.
Food becomes eaten if food is untouched and XX eats it.
Liquid from floor becomes clean if liquid from floor is drity and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Labels become printed if labels are blank and XX prints them.
The rodent becomes dead if the rodent is alive and XX kills it.
Kitty litter becomes clean if kitty litter is dirty and XX cleans kitty litter.
The string becomes tight if the string is loose and XX tightens it.
Grapes become cool if grapes in refrigerator is warm and XX stores grapes in refrigerator.
The cat becomes full if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
Documents become copied if documents are uncopied and XX photocopies them.
Eyes become not seeing if eyes are seeing and XX closes them.
Framed picture on wall becomes straight if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The door becomes open if the doorbell is closed and XX answers it.
The counter becomes dry if the counter is greasy and XX cleans it.
The tree becomes watered if the tree is needs water and XX waters it.
Doors of the car becomes having oil if doors of the car is not having oil and XX oils doors of the car.
The ornament becomes shiny if the ornament is dull and XX Polishes it.
Bunch of roses becomes delivered if bunch of roses to someone is undelivered and XX delivers bunch of roses to someone.
Computer printer to the computer becomes connected if computer printer to the computer is disconnected and XX connects computer printer to the computer.
Lid on the jar becomes screwed if lid on the jar is unscrewed and XX screws lid on the jar.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
The garage becomes tidy if the garage is untidy and XX cleans it.
The fishing pole becomes longer if the fishing pole is shorter and XX elongates it.
Flies become dead if flies are the living and XX kills them.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
Old batteries becomes new if old batteries is old and XX replaces old batteries.
Sippy cup becomes clean if sippy cup is dirty and XX washes sippy cup.
The costume becomes used if the costume is new and XX wears it.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
Bedspread becomes open if bedspread before use is folded and XX spreads bedspread before use.
Lid of the milk carton becomes closed if lid of the milk carton is open and XX closes lid of the milk carton.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
Laundry softener becomes open if laundry softener is closed and XX refills laundry softener.
The cheeseburger becomes hot if the cheeseburger is cold and XX heats it.
Candy bowl with candy becomes fill if candy bowl with candy is empty and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The key becomes multiple keys if the key is a single key and XX duplicates it.
The theft becomes reported if the theft is unreported and XX reports it.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX kicks it.
The orange becomes inside the body if the orange is ouside the body and XX eats it.
Flower bouquet becomes gifted if flower bouquet is offered and XX accepts flower bouquet.
The power switch becomes off or on if the power switch is on or off and XX flips it.
Garbage from trash can becomes being outside of the trash can if garbage from trash can is being in the trash can and XX removes garbage from trash can.
Hot coffee becomes prepared if hot coffee is unmade and XX makes hot coffee.
The thread becomes tied if the thread is untied and XX ties it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX cleans pile of laundry.
The houseplant becomes watered if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
Plush animal becomes stroked if plush animal is unstroked and XX strokes plush animal.
Videotape becomes played if videotape is stopped and XX plays videotape.
The flashlight becomes the ton if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
Ear-ring becomes valued if ear-ring is unvalued and XX keeps ear-ring.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
The laptop computer becomes on again if the laptop computer is on to off and XX reboots it.
The blackboard becomes clean if blackboard before use is written on and XX erases blackboard before use.
Bandaid becomes being thrown away if bandaid is being on the person's body and XX peels off bandaid.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX mops it.
Dollars become spent if dollars are unspent and XX spends them.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
The case becomes opened if the case is closed and XX opens it.
Nail clipper becomes clean if nail clipper is dirty and XX cleans nail clipper.
Jam jar becomes opened if jam jar before serving is unopened and XX opens jam jar before serving.
Copying machine before use becomes on if copying machine before use is off and XX turns on copying machine before use.
The house becomes clean if the house is unclean and XX cleans it.
Wrapped gift becomes wrapped if wrapped gift is unwrapped and XX delivers wrapped gift.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes in the dishwasher if dishes in dishwasher is on the counter and XX loads dishes in dishwasher.
The plumber becomes on duty if the plumber is off duty and XX calls him.
The book becomes shelved if book in shelf is unshelved and XX puts book in shelf.
The spider web becomes being gone if the spider web is being woven and XX removes it.
The text becomes read if the text is unread and XX reads it.
Pills become moving if pills are stationary and XX throws them.
Glass cup becomes full if glass cup is empty and XX fills glass cup.
The garlic becomes eaten if the garlic is uneaten and XX consumes it.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
Bike helmet becomes worn if bike helmet is unworn and XX puts on bike helmet.
Leather satchel becomes moving if leather satchel is inert and XX carries leather satchel.
Tv remote control becomes charged if tv remote control is uncharged and XX charges tv remote control.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
The front door becomes closed if the front door is open and XX closes it.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is messy and XX tidies it.
Curling iron after use becomes cold if curling iron after use is hot and XX turns off curling iron after use.
Hello becomes said if it is unsaid and XX says it.
The box becomes full if the box is empty and XX fills it.
The trunk becomes locked if the trunk is unlocked and XX locks it.
Pajama bottom becomes worn by someone if pajama bottom is not worn and XX wears pajama bottom.
Broken necklace becomes fixed if broken necklace is broken and XX repairs broken necklace.
The house plant becomes trashed if the house plant is existing and XX throws away it.
Pot of plant becomes moist if pot of plant is dry and XX waters pot of plant.
Ingredients in right proportion becomes correct mixture if ingredients in right proportion is seperate ingredients and XX mixes ingredients in right proportion.
The cantaloupe becomes eaten if the cantaloupe is uneaten and XX eats it.
The notebook becomes filed if the notebook is unfiled and XX files it.
The book becomes closed if the book is open and XX puts away it.
The laptop computer becomes rebooted if the laptop computer is not rebooted and XX reboots it.
The trunk becomes open if the trunk is closed and XX opens it.
The rack becomes the order if the rack is messy and XX arranges it.
Pants before wearing becomes ironed if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
Shampoo bottle becomes capped if shampoo bottle is uncapped and XX closes shampoo bottle.
The stuffed animal becomes cushy if the stuffed animal is crusty and XX washes it.
The mask becomes in use if the mask is unused and XX wears it.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
Glass of  water to visitor becomes offered if glass of  water to visitor is unoffered and XX offers glass of  water to visitor.
The bagel becomes the mouth if the bagel is the hand and XX eats it.
Pair of speakers becomes worn if pair of speakers is unworn and XX uses pair of speakers.
Light fixture becomes dark if light fixture is light and XX turns off light fixture.
Briefcase properly becomes organized if briefcase properly is chaotic and XX arranges briefcase properly.
The commode becomes unclogged if the commode is clogged and XX plunges it.
The hair becomes curled if hair curler everywhere on head is straight and XX moves hair curler everywhere on head.
The fishing pole becomes long if the fishing pole is short and XX elongates it.
Curio cabinet becomes arranged if curio cabinet is unarranged and XX arranges curio cabinet.
Vegetables become the cut if vegetables are whole and XX cuts them.
Baby bottle becomes full if baby bottle is empty and XX fills baby bottle.
The ball becomes kicked if the ball is unkicked and XX kicks it.
Mixer in electricity outlet becomes on if mixer in electricity outlet is off and XX plugs mixer in electricity outlet.
The envelope becomes being sent if the envelope is being at home and XX mails it.
Frozen meat becomes cooked if frozen meat is raw and XX cooks frozen meat.
Toys become clean if toys are dirty and XX cleans them.
Dirty dishes in dishwasher becomes moldy if dirty dishes in dishwasher is crusty and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
The brass instrument becomes shiny if the brass instrument is tarnished and XX Polishes it.
Baby in arms becomes held if baby in arms is unheld and XX picks up baby in arms.
Labels become printed if labels are blank and XX prints them.
Cup of coffee becomes empty if cup of coffee is full and XX drinks cup of coffee.
Milk becomes tasted if milk is untasted and XX drinks it.
Floor button becomes touched if floor button is untouched and XX presses floor button.
Relatives become not bored if relatives are bored and XX invites them.
Three piece suit becomes smooth if three piece suit is wrinkled and XX irons three piece suit.
Baby cup becomes hygienic if baby cup is unhygienic and XX cleans baby cup.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is not carved and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
The package becomes sent if the package is unsent and XX posts it.
The bagel becomes the mouth if the bagel is the hand and XX eats it.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
Decongestant becomes consumed if decongestant is purchased and XX takes decongestant.
Three piece suit becomes smooth if three piece suit is creased and XX irons three piece suit.
The binder becomes closed if the binder is open and XX closes it.
The butterfly becomes noticed if the butterfly is unnoticed and XX watches it.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are full and XX chops them.
The trash becomes thrown away if the trash is kept and XX throws away it.
The message becomes read if the message is unread and XX receives it.
Pages become clipped if pages are normal and XX clips them.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
Cereal becomes soft if cereal is hard and XX eats it.
Piece of paper becomes protected if piece of paper is unguarded and XX safeguards piece of paper.
Groceries become cooled if groceries in refrigerator is perishing and XX stores groceries in refrigerator.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
Leaking pipe becomes new if leaking pipe is old and XX replaces leaking pipe.
Jewelry in the jewelry chest becomes used if jewelry in the jewelry chest is empty and XX keeps jewelry in the jewelry chest.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
Chinese checkers board becomes open and used if chinese checkers board is closed and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Belt of  treadmill becomes adjusted if belt of  treadmill is off and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
Chalk board becomes colored if chalk board is the plain and XX paints chalk board.
Stuffed rabbit becomes clean if stuffed rabbit is dirty and XX cleans stuffed rabbit.
Lid of washing machine becomes open if lid of washing machine is closed and XX opens lid of washing machine.
Wall calendar becomes unused if wall calendar is used and XX replaces wall calendar.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
Garbage from the garbage can becomes outside the house if garbage from the garbage can is in the house and XX disposes garbage from the garbage can.
Sippy cup with milk becomes full if sippy cup with milk is empty and XX fills sippy cup with milk.
Cell phone's battery becomes charged if cell phone's battery is weak and XX charges cell phone's battery.
Pair of pants in the closet becomes dry if pair of pants in the closet is wet and XX hangs pair of pants in the closet.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is messy and XX tidies it.
The teapot becomes full if the teapot is empty and XX refills it.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The wedding cake becomes gone if the wedding cake is there and XX eats it.
The trunk becomes open if the trunk is closed and XX opens it.
The sample becomes used if the sample is unused and XX uses it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes played if baritone brass instrument is put away and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
The antenna becomes adjusted if the antenna is not adjusted and XX adjusts it.
The jelly becomes digested if the jelly is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pickled cucumber becomes eaten if pickled cucumber is uneaten and XX eats pickled cucumber.
Favorite song becomes listened to if favorite song is unplayed and XX plays favorite song.
Sunglasses become worn if sunglasses are unworn and XX wears them.
The newspaper becomes stored if newspaper in store room is unstored and XX stores newspaper in store room.
The pocket becomes intact if the pocket is holey and XX stitches it.
The sink becomes full if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
The letter becomes mailable if the letter is unmailable and XX stamps it.
The oil painting becomes hanging if oil painting on the wall is on the floor and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
The soccer ball becomes far away if the soccer ball is close and XX kicks it.
The filter becomes replaced if the filter is unreplaced and XX replaces it.
Eggs become beaten if eggs are whole and XX mixes them.
Flowers become unrooted if flowers are rooted and XX plucks them.
Silverware on table becomes on the table if silverware on table is not on the table and XX places silverware on table.
The jelly becomes eaten if the jelly is not eaten and XX eats it.
Pastry becomes nothing if pastry is whole and XX eats it.
Pair of jeans becomes clean if pair of jeans is dirty and XX washes pair of jeans.
Liquid from floor becomes clean if liquid from floor is drity and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Easy chair to visitor becomes full if easy chair to visitor is empty and XX offers easy chair to visitor.
Toys become put away if toys are disorganized and XX gathers them.
Labels become used if labels are unsed and XX prints them.
Milk becomes boiling if milk is cold and XX heats it.
The toilet paper becomes flushed if the toilet paper is unflushed and XX discards it.
Stack of paper becomes arranged if stack of paper is not arranged and XX arranges stack of paper.
Potted plant becomes damp if potted plant is dry and XX waters potted plant.
The person becomes medicated if medicine to person is unmedicated and XX gives medicine to person.
Pasta becomes mildly soft if pasta is hard and XX cooks it.
The house becomes clear of pests if the house is infested and XX fumigates it.
Spice to food becomes spicy if spice to food is bland and XX adds spice to food.
Computer printer to the computer becomes connected if computer printer to the computer is unconnected and XX connects computer printer to the computer.
Raincoat in rainy days becomes on someone's body if raincoat in rainy days is in the closet and XX wears raincoat in rainy days.
Computer table becomes clean if computer table is dirty and XX dusts computer table.
Wrapped gift becomes opened if wrapped gift is unopened and XX delivers wrapped gift.
Pile of paper becomes gathered if pile of paper is being lose and XX gathers pile of paper.
Dog bone becomes airborne if dog bone is in the hand and XX throws dog bone.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX warms up it.
Potato chips become eaten if potato chips are uneaten and XX eats them.
The flute becomes used if the flute is unused and XX plays it.
Shipping box by lid becomes held if shipping box by lid is unheld and XX holds shipping box by lid.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
Wash basket becomes unloaded if wash basket is loaded and XX unloads wash basket.
The sheet becomes spread out if the sheet is crumpled up and XX spreads it.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
Curio cabinet becomes organized if curio cabinet is unorganized and XX arranges curio cabinet.
The person becomes entertained if cartoons are bored and XX watches them.
The lid becomes open if lid of ice box is closed and XX opens lid of ice box.
Flower pot becomes wet if flower pot is dry and XX waters flower pot.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The crib becomes tidy if the crib is untidy and XX tidies it.
Boxing bag becomes tight if boxing bag is loose and XX tightens boxing bag.
Pair of compasses before use becomes leveled if pair of compasses before use is unleveled and XX levels pair of compasses before use.
Door bell button becomes pressed if door bell button is unpresed and XX pushes door bell button.
Boxes in garage becomes put away if boxes in garage is out in the open and XX puts boxes in garage.
Drinks become mixed if drinks are not mixed and XX mixes them.
The scorpion becomes the location if the scorpion is the location and XX avoids it.
Travel guide becomes followed if travel guide is unfollowed and XX follows travel guide.
Bulb of halogen desk lamp becomes usefull if bulb of halogen desk lamp is useless and XX replaces bulb of halogen desk lamp.
The couple becomes congratulated if the couple is uncongratulated and XX congratulates it.
Spelling of words becomes correct if spelling of words is incorrect and XX corrects spelling of words.
The address becomes updated if the address is out of date and XX updates it.
Vcd player to play movie becomes on if vcd player to play movie is off and XX operates vcd player to play movie.
The fish becomes eaten if the fish is whole and XX eats it.
The kitchen becomes clean if the kitchen is dirty and XX cleans it.
The skirt becomes worn if the skirt is unworn and XX wears it.
Projection screen becomes ready if projection screen is stored and XX unrolls projection screen.
Beer bottle becomes open if beer bottle with opener is closed and XX opens beer bottle with opener.
Basket ball becomes bouncing if basket ball is idle and XX bounces basket ball.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Dust-pan's dirt in the trash can becomes empty if dust-pan's dirt in the trash can is full and XX empties dust-pan's dirt in the trash can.
Home entertainment center becomes quiet if home entertainment center is loud and XX turns down home entertainment center.
The child becomes calmed if baby calm is frantic and XX makes baby calm.
Baby's bib becomes clean if baby's bib is dirty and XX washes baby's bib.
Sticky flap becomes wet if sticky flap is sticky and XX moistens sticky flap.
The flame becomes the flame if the flame is nothing and XX lights it.
The rack becomes organized if the rack is disorganized and XX arranges it.
The reference book becomes read if the reference book is not read and XX consults it.
Bag of potato chips becomes closed if bag of potato chips is open and XX seals bag of potato chips.
Paint becomes used if paint is unused and XX applies it.
Kegs become sold if kegs are in the store and XX buys them.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes presented if bunch of roses to someone is not presented and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
Grass becomes short if grass is tall and XX mows it.
Letter in mailbox becomes being mailed if letter in mailbox is not being mailed and XX mails letter in mailbox.
Cricket becomes the hit if cricket is unhit and XX plays it.
The business card becomes being in another if the business card is being in one person's hand and XX receives it.
The dog becomes fed if the dog is hungry and XX feeds it.
Kids become the safe if loaded gun from kids is the danger and XX puts away loaded gun from kids.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
Clothes become worn if clothes are unworn and XX puts on them.
Dirty laundry becomes clean if dirty laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty laundry.
Air conditioning duct becomes repaired if air conditioning duct is unrepaired and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
Cigarettes become extinguished if cigarettes are lit and XX extinguishes them.
The trash becomes being out of trash can if the trash is being in trash can and XX disposes it.
Babies highchair becomes low if babies highchair is high and XX adjusts babies highchair.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
The letter becomes mailable if the letter is unmailable and XX stamps it.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
Chocolate becomes cool if chocolate is warm and XX cools it.
Bowl of crayons becomes neat if bowl of crayons is messy and XX arranges bowl of crayons.
Pasta becomes eatten if pasta is not eatten and XX eats it.
The cutting board becomes sterilized if the cutting board is unsterilized and XX sterilizes it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
The safe becomes secure if the safe is not secure and XX locks it.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX cooks it.
Discman becomes on if discman to stereo is off and XX connects discman to stereo.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
The heater becomes hot if the heater is cold and XX turns off it.
3 hole punch becomes silent if 3 hole punch is squeeky and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The omelette becomes yellow if the omelette is white and XX prepares it.
Ambulence becomes near if ambulence is far and XX calls ambulence.
Kitchen stove becomes off if kitchen stove is on and XX turns off kitchen stove.
The t-shirt becomes dirty if the t-shirt is clean and XX wears it.
Dodgeball becomes inflated if dodgeball is uninflated and XX inflates dodgeball.
The skirt becomes worn if the skirt is unworn and XX wears it.
The mug becomes empty if beer is full and XX drinks it.
The phone becomes answered if the phone is ringing and XX answers it.
The kitchen sink becomes empty if the kitchen sink is full and XX empties it.
Spare tire becomes full of air if spare tire is the flat and XX inflates spare tire.
Oriental rug becomes clean if oriental rug is dirty and XX vacuums oriental rug.
The soccer ball becomes used if the soccer ball is unused and XX kicks it.
The sound becomes low if the loudspeaker is high and XX turns down it.
Food processor after use becomes clean if food processor after use is dirty and XX cleans food processor after use.
Stamps with glue becomes glued if stamps with glue is unglued and XX sticks stamps with glue.
The Internet becomes connected if it is unconnected and XX accesses it.
Meat becomes the ground if meat into the grinder is whole and XX pushes meat into the grinder.
Music book becomes useful if music book is not useful and XX reads music book.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
The notice board becomes organized if the notice board is cluttered and XX organizes it.
The toothpaste becomes used if the toothpaste is full and XX squeezes it.
Alarm clock after waking up becomes off if alarm clock after waking up is on and XX turns off alarm clock after waking up.
Glass of tea becomes empty if glass of tea is full and XX drinks glass of tea.
The laptop computer becomes fixed if the laptop computer is frozen and XX reboots it.
Frozen meat becomes defrosted if frozen meat is frozen and XX microwaves frozen meat.
Satellite receiver becomes installed if satellite receiver is packaged and XX installs satellite receiver.
Bedspread becomes mended if bedspread is unmended and XX mends bedspread.
Dog bone becomes eaten if dog bone is new and XX throws dog bone.
The lemon becomes juiced if the lemon is whole and XX squeezes it.
The wallpaper becomes the flat if the wallpaper is rolled and XX pastes it.
Pants before wearing becomes pressed if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
An object becomes found if an object is lost and XX retrieves an object.
The baby becomes sleeping if the baby is the upset and XX rocks him.
Kitchen range becomes hot if kitchen range is cold and XX turns on kitchen range.
Wires of musical instruments becomes tuned if wires of musical instruments is off and XX tunes wires of musical instruments.
Garbage bag becomes airborne if garbage bag is stationary and XX throws garbage bag.
Drivers license renewed becomes new if drivers license renewed is expiring and XX gets drivers license renewed.
The plumber becomes on duty if the plumber is off duty and XX calls him.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
The sponge becomes dry if the sponge is wet and XX dries out it.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
Files become backed up if files are not backed up and XX backs up them.
Pieces of glass from the floor becomes being elsewhere if pieces of glass from the floor is being on the floor and XX sweeps pieces of glass from the floor.
The reference book becomes consulted if the reference book is unconsulted and XX consults it.
Contact lenses become being worn if contact lenses are unworn and XX wears them.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
The wall becomes filled if oil painting on the wall is empty and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
Post-it notes on the wall becomes on the wall if post-it notes on the wall is on the pad and XX sticks post-it notes on the wall.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
The omelette becomes digested if the omelette is whole and XX eats it.
The houseplant becomes wet if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
Dirty dishes becomes clean if dirty dishes is dirty and XX washes dirty dishes.
The hair dryer becomes unplugged if the hair dryer is plugged in and XX unplugs it.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dirty and XX cleans it.
Elderly becomes assisted if elderly is unassisted and XX assists elderly.
Baby changing table becomes clean if baby changing table is dirty and XX cleans baby changing table.
Mechanical pencil becomes full if mechanical pencil is empty and XX refills mechanical pencil.
Hot tea becomes brewed if hot tea is unbrewed and XX prepares hot tea.
The song becomes sung if the song is unsung and XX sings it.
Bib to baby's neck becomes tied if bib to baby's neck is untied and XX ties bib to baby's neck.
The antenna becomes effective if the antenna is not effective and XX adjusts it.
The child becomes calm if the child is hyperactive and XX calms him.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
Plate in kitchen sink becomes being in the sink if plate in kitchen sink is being on the table and XX puts plate in kitchen sink.
The problem becomes facile if the problem is perplexing and XX solves it.
Ink cartridge becomes full if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
The bat becomes in motion if the bat is inert and XX swings it.
The laptop computer becomes fixed if the laptop computer is frozen and XX reboots it.
Load of laundry in the laundry basket becomes light if load of laundry in the laundry basket is heavy and XX washes load of laundry in the laundry basket.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
The book becomes on the shelf if the book is on the table and XX puts away it.
Can of peaches becomes empty if can of peaches is full and XX eats can of peaches.
Infant seat becomes comfortable if infant seat is uncomfortable and XX adjusts infant seat.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
Batteries of remote control becomes charged if batteries of remote control is dead and XX recharges batteries of remote control.
The latch becomes closed if the latch is open and XX closes it.
Portable compact disc player becomes motion if portable compact disc player is the rest and XX carries portable compact disc player.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is open and XX screws lid on the jar.
The envelope becomes sent if the envelope is unsent and XX mails it.
The website becomes seen if the website is unseen and XX sees it.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes sanitary if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
The baby becomes happy if the baby is crying and XX comforts him.
Food becomes hot if food is cold and XX warms up it.
The floor becomes vacuumed if the floor is not vacuumed and XX vacuums it.
Medicines become sold if medicines are for sale and XX purchases them.
Hiking boots become clean if hiking boots are muddy and XX cleans them.
The blanket becomes dry if the blanket is wet and XX dries it.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Leftover food becomes eaten if leftover food is uneaten and XX finishes leftover food.
The coke becomes empty if the coke is full and XX refrigerates it.
The meal becomes served if the meal is unserved and XX serves it.
The alarm becomes armed if the alarm is unarmed and XX triggers it.
The bolt becomes snug if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
The boiled egg becomes chewed if the boiled egg is whole and XX eats it.
The lamp becomes dim if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
The trumpet becomes producing soundwaves if the trumpet is silent and XX blows it.
Player piano becomes operated if player piano to play a music is not operated and XX operates player piano to play a music.
Eyeglasses become worn if eyeglasses are not worn and XX wears them.
The paper becomes copied if the paper is not copied and XX photocopies it.
The yarn becomes had if the yarn is mesy and XX gathers it.
The garbage disposal becomes empty if the garbage disposal is full and XX empties it.
The oil painting becomes displayed if oil painting on the wall is in storage and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
Appropriate temperature becomes cold if appropriate temperature is hot and XX sets appropriate temperature.
The game becomes controled if rules of sports is hectic and XX follows rules of sports.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is unhung and XX hangs boxing bag.
Dodgeball becomes inflated if dodgeball is deflated and XX inflates dodgeball.
Shoes become shiny if shoes are dull and XX Polishes them.
The laundry becomes clean if the laundry is soiled and XX does it.
The room becomes tidy if the room is dirty and XX cleans it.
Bread becomes sliced if bread is unsliced and XX slices it.
The amplifier becomes quiet if the amplifier is loud and XX turns down it.
The cushion becomes clean if the cushion is dirty and XX washes it.
Gas range becomes checked if gas range is unchecked and XX checks gas range.
Carton of eggs becomes empty if carton of eggs is full and XX consumes carton of eggs.
Swiss cheese becomes eaten if swiss cheese is uneaten and XX eats swiss cheese.
Name plate becomes wiped if name plate is unwiped and XX wipes name plate.
Clothes peg becomes closed if clothes peg is open and XX attaches clothes peg.
The amplifier becomes quiet if the amplifier is loud and XX turns down it.
The house becomes locked if the house is unlocked and XX locks it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Eggs become scrambled if eggs are whole and XX mixes them.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX cleans it.
The baby becomes found if the baby is lost and XX finds him.
The frying pan becomes not sticky if the frying pan is sticky and XX greases it.
The patient becomes calm if the patient is worried and XX reassures him.
The comforter becomes used if the comforter is unused and XX uses it.
Tool chest to take out a tool becomes open if tool chest to take out a tool is closed and XX opens tool chest to take out a tool.
The alphabet becomes familiar if the alphabet is unknown and XX teaches it.
The grater becomes used if the grater is new and XX uses it.
Milk carton becomes empty if milk carton is full and XX consumes milk carton.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
The garbage can becomes empty if the garbage can is full and XX empties it.
Boxes become close if boxes are open and XX closes them.
The jewelry box becomes locked if the jewelry box is unlocked and XX secures it.
E mail becomes replied if e mail is read and XX answers e mail.
The golf ball becomes flying through the air if the golf ball is idle and XX hits it.
The can becomes reused if the can is thrown away and XX recycles it.
Baby shoes becomes staying on if baby shoes is coming off and XX ties baby shoes.
Hot coffee becomes cold if hot coffee is hot and XX serves hot coffee.
The trash becomes there if the trash is here and XX pushes it.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Indoor plants becomes watered if indoor plants is dry and XX waters indoor plants.
The musical instrument becomes tuned if the musical instrument is untuned and XX tunes it.
The rodent becomes dead if the rodent is alive and XX kills it.
Center table becomes the set if center table is unmade and XX sets center table.
The guitar becomes untuned if the guitar is tuned and XX tunes it.
The camera becomes a digital picture if snap with camera is having nothing and XX takes snap with camera.
Basket ball becomes inflated if basket ball is the flat and XX inflates basket ball.
The commode becomes empty if the commode is full and XX flushes it.
The bedsheet becomes clean if the bedsheet is dirty and XX washes it.
The nail becomes straight if the nail is bent and XX straightens it.
Medicines become sold if medicines are unsold and XX purchases them.
Card table becomes tidy if card table is messy and XX tidies card table.
Hot iron before it burns anything becomes cooling if hot iron before it burns anything is hot and XX turns off hot iron before it burns anything.
The pot becomes sloshing if water in pot is empty and XX pours water in pot.
Pacifier to baby becomes wet if pacifier to baby is dry and XX gives pacifier to baby.
Brakes become strong if brakes are weak and XX tightens them.
Diaper area becomes clean if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
The microwave becomes on if the microwave is off and XX turns on it.
Spelling of words becomes the right if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
Pumpkin vegetable becomes empty if pumpkin vegetable is full and XX eats pumpkin vegetable.
The footwear becomes worn if the footwear is unworn and XX wears it.
Jewelry chest becomes closed if jewelry chest is opened and XX closes jewelry chest.
Piece of fish becomes eaten if piece of fish is uneaten and XX eats piece of fish.
Shoes on the door mat becomes clean if shoes on the door mat is dirty and XX cleans shoes on the door mat.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
The potato becomes cooked if the potato is raw and XX cooks it.
Dish detergent becomes added if dish detergent is not added and XX adds dish detergent.
The ball becomes the past if the ball is coming and XX dodges it.
The stuffed animal becomes put away if the stuffed animal is on the floor and XX picks up it.
The cup becomes full if the cup is empty and XX fills up it.
The purse becomes difficult to steal if the purse is easy to steal and XX safeguards it.
Christmas cookie becomes eaten if christmas cookie is uneaten and XX eats christmas cookie.
The valve becomes tightened if the valve is loose and XX tightens it.
Groceries by the bottom of the bag becomes safely carried if groceries by the bottom of the bag is possibly not safely carried and XX carries groceries by the bottom of the bag.
Chess becomes being used if chess is idle and XX plays it.
Bottle of ketchup becomes full if bottle of ketchup is empty and XX fills bottle of ketchup.
Curtains become open if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
The text becomes the present if the text is absent and XX writes it.
Gas becomes full if gas is empty and XX fills it.
Lights become dark if lights are bright and XX turns off them.
The reclining chair becomes tall if the reclining chair is short and XX adjusts it.
The fishing pole becomes extended if the fishing pole is compact and XX elongates it.
Blank cd becomes loaded if blank cd is unloaded and XX loads blank cd.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX cleans them.
The floor mat becomes new if the floor mat is old and XX replaces it.
Painting becomes balanced if painting is unbalanced and XX straightens it.
Glasses become being worn if glasses are on the counter and XX wears them.
The eggplant becomes eaten if the eggplant is uneaten and XX eats it.
The drink becomes the minimum if cold drink fast is maximum and XX drinks cold drink fast.
Set of wrenches becomes organized if set of wrenches is unorganized and XX organizes set of wrenches.
Curtains become high if curtains are low and XX raises them.
Roll of camera becomes outside if roll of camera is the inside and XX takes out roll of camera.
The club becomes swung if the club is unswung and XX swings it.
Water becomes clean if water is dirty and XX filters it.
Water becomes swallowed if glass of water is in the glass and XX drinks glass of water.
Pills become swallowed if pills are unswallowed and XX takes them.
Garbage bag becomes in movement if garbage bag is stationary and XX picks garbage bag.
The ball becomes settling if the ball is bouncing and XX bounces it.
Cooked food becomes eaten if cooked food is uneaten and XX eats cooked food.
The pipe becomes tightly fastened if pipe wrench is loosely connected and XX twists pipe wrench.
The tire becomes inflated if flat tire is the flat and XX repairs flat tire.
The cheeseburger becomes consumed if the cheeseburger is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pants become ironed if pants are creased and XX irons them.
Tupperware becomes clean if tupperware is dirty and XX cleans tupperware.
Hoe in garage becomes stored if hoe in garage is not stored and XX stores hoe in garage.
Breaker switch becomes on if breaker switch is off and XX resets breaker switch.
The pocket becomes mended if the pocket is ripped and XX stitches it.
The dartboard becomes low if the dartboard is high and XX lowers it.
The rack becomes the order if the rack is messy and XX arranges it.
Spaghetti becomes eaten if spaghetti is uneat and XX eats it.
The freezer becomes unused if the freezer is in use and XX empties it.
Medicine becomes measured if medicine is unmeasured and XX measures it.
The report becomes checked if the report is unchecked and XX proofreads it.
Hair dresser machine becomes warm if hair dresser machine is cold and XX uses hair dresser machine.
Mail becomes sent if mail is unsent and XX addresses it.
The flame becomes tall if the flame is short and XX lights it.
The rack becomes organized if the rack is messy and XX arranges it.
Wires of musical instruments becomes in tune if wires of musical instruments is out fo tune and XX tunes wires of musical instruments.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Olives become eaten if olives are not eaten and XX eats them.
Toy room becomes arranged if toy room is not arranged and XX arranges toy room.
Stack of boxes onto a forklift skid becomes loaded if stack of boxes onto a forklift skid is not loaded and XX loads stack of boxes onto a forklift skid.
Basket ball becomes bounced if basket ball is unbounced and XX bounces basket ball.
Gas becomes full if gas is empty and XX fills it.
Door of refrigerator becomes open if door of refrigerator is not open and XX opens door of refrigerator.
The cucumber becomes eaten if the cucumber is on the plate and XX eats it.
The party becomes fun if the party is boring and XX enjoys it.
Spaghetti becomes soft if spaghetti is hard and XX cooks it.
The tent becomes occupied if the tent is not occupied and XX sleeps in it.
Water becomes fresh if water is stale and XX freshens it.
Children's tv time becomes short if children's tv time is long and XX limits children's tv time.
Piece of art becomes viewed if piece of art is unviewed and XX views piece of art.
The junk mail becomes in the deleted folder if the junk mail is in the inbox and XX deletes it.
Candy bowl becomes full again if candy bowl with candy is nearly empty and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
The knife becomes used if the knife is unused and XX handles it.
The bike becomes moving if the bike is idle and XX rides it.
Clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
The helmet becomes on if the helmet is off and XX wears it.
Briefcase properly becomes organized if briefcase properly is disorganized and XX arranges briefcase properly.
Paper tray becomes recycled if paper tray is used and XX recycles paper tray.
Cough syrup becomes consumed if cough syrup is unused and XX takes cough syrup.
Safety helmet becomes safest if safety helmet is the safe and XX wears safety helmet.
The notebook becomes made if the notebook is not made and XX makes it.
The infant becomes calm if an infant is crying and XX calms an infant.
Next page becomes read if next page is unread and XX reads next page.
Coffee becomes dranken if coffee is made and XX pours it.
Firealarm becomes programmed if firealarm is unprogrammed and XX programs firealarm.
Drums become beaten if drums are not beaten and XX beats them.
Bottle of ketchup becomes full if bottle of ketchup is empty and XX fills bottle of ketchup.
Trash bag becomes unused if trash bag is used and XX carries trash bag.
Creases become nonexistent if creases are existent and XX irons out them.
Charger when finished becomes dead if charger when finished is live and XX unplugs charger when finished.
French fries become digested if french fries are on the plate and XX eats them.
The town becomes occupied if the town is vacant and XX evacuates it.
Piece of cake becomes eaten if piece of cake is uneaten and XX serves piece of cake.
The hanger becomes straight if the hanger is bent and XX straightens it.
Preservatives become added if preservatives are unadded and XX adds them.
Ink cartridge becomes usable if ink cartridge is unusable and XX refills ink cartridge.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
Roses to someone becomes received if roses to someone is given and XX presents roses to someone.
Flour container with flour becomes being full if flour container with flour is needing flour and XX fills flour container with flour.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
The tyre becomes inflated if the tyre is uninflated and XX inflates it.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes given if bunch of roses to someone is the gift and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
Large group becomes bigger if large group is big and XX joins large group.
The trash becomes clean if the trash is dirty and XX pushes it.
Bottle of soda becomes cold if bottle of soda is warm and XX chills bottle of soda.
Paper for future reference becomes stored if paper for future reference is opened and XX files paper for future reference.
The craft becomes known if the craft is unknown and XX learns it.
The vegetable becomes cooked if the vegetable is raw and XX cooks it.
Stamps with glue becomes glued down if stamps with glue is unfastened and XX sticks stamps with glue.
The doorbell becomes not ringing if the doorbell is ringing and XX answers it.
Bunch of grapes becomes eaten if bunch of grapes is uneaten and XX eats bunch of grapes.
Movie poster becomes up if movie poster is down and XX hangs movie poster.
Coffee for the person becomes liquid coffee if coffee for the person is grounds and XX prepares coffee for the person.
The flashlight becomes fully charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
Tablet pc becomes on if tablet pc is off and XX turns on tablet pc.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
The cell phone becomes usable if the cell phone is useless and XX charges it.
The blanket becomes made if the blanket is not made and XX sews it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
The birthday cake becomes enjoyed if the birthday cake is unenjoyed and XX enjoys it.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
Medicine capsule becomes liquid if medicine capsule is solid and XX ingests medicine capsule.
The tire becomes higher pressure if the tire is lower pressure and XX inflates it.
The light bulb becomes in the socket if the light bulb is in the box and XX replaces it.
The lamp becomes dim if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
Batteries become charged if batteries into the charger is uncharged and XX puts batteries into the charger.
The watermelon becomes sliced if the watermelon is whole and XX slices it.
The clock becomes late if the clock is on time and XX rewinds it.
The bike becomes ridden if the bike is unridden and XX rides it.
Bottle of beer becomes cool if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
The birthday cake becomes the mouth if the birthday cake is the table and XX eats it.
The luggage becomes packed if the luggage is unpacked and XX packs it.
The cover becomes put if the cover is unused and XX puts it.
Food processor after use becomes clean if food processor after use is dirty and XX cleans food processor after use.
Ac becomes off if ac is on and XX turns off ac.
Room in hotel becomes reserved if room in hotel is free and XX books room in hotel.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
The golf ball becomes picked up if the golf ball is on the ground and XX picks up it.
Shoelaces become tied if shoelaces are untied and XX ties them.
Pills become moving if pills are the stable and XX throws them.
Water tap filter becomes new if water tap filter is old and XX replaces water tap filter.
Connections become set up if connections properly is unusable and XX establishes connections properly.
The skylight becomes installed if the skylight is uninstalled and XX installs it.
The costume becomes used if the costume is unused and XX wears it.
Bag of potato chips becomes sealed if bag of potato chips is unsealed and XX seals bag of potato chips.
The match becomes burning if the match is unlit and XX lights it.
Gas in car becomes full if gas in car is less than full and XX fills gas in car.
The floor becomes cleaner if the floor is dirtier and XX mops it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX washes pile of laundry.
Table cover becomes put away if table cover is out and XX puts away table cover.
Toys become organized if toys are scattered and XX cleans them.
The drink becomes served if the drink is made and XX serves it.
The racket becomes strung if the racket is unstrung and XX strings it.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
Window glass becomes new if window glass is old and XX replaces window glass.
The sink becomes used if the sink is unused and XX uses it.
The personal computer becomes full destop computer with speakers if the personal computer is the laptop and XX upgrades it.
The garbage can becomes clean if the garbage can is dirty and XX washes it.
The yarn becomes gathered if the yarn is scattered and XX gathers it.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes presented if bunch of roses to someone is not presented and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
The piano becomes the musical if the piano is quiet and XX plays it.
Contact lenses with wet tissue becomes wet if contact lenses with wet tissue is dry and XX wipes contact lenses with wet tissue.
The coat becomes dry if the coat is wet and XX dries it.
The blanket becomes dry if the blanket is wet and XX dries it.
Food processor after use becomes clean if food processor after use is dirty and XX cleans food processor after use.
Whiteboard becomes clean if whiteboard with duster is dirty and XX rubs whiteboard with duster.
Glass cup becomes filled if glass cup is empty and XX fills glass cup.
Can of corn becomes cooked if can of corn is raw and XX cooks can of corn.
The luggage becomes being dragged if the luggage is not being moved and XX drags it.
Coffee becomes hot if coffee is cold and XX makes it.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
Bathtime becomes cheerful if bathtime enjoying is dull and XX makes bathtime enjoying.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
Small children becomes having fun if small children is bored and XX entertains small children.
Warm coat in winters becomes being used if warm coat in winters is not being used and XX wears warm coat in winters.
Curtains become closed if curtains are open and XX closes them.
The wedding ring becomes big if the wedding ring is small and XX resizes it.
The cat becomes fed if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are unchopped and XX chops them.
The DVD becomes used if the DVD is blank and XX burns it.
The cap becomes twisted if the cap is untwisted and XX twists it.
Piece of cheese on the bread becomes on the bread if piece of cheese on the bread is in the packaging and XX places piece of cheese on the bread.
Ice becomes used if ice is unused and XX uses it.
The pickle becomes partial if the pickle is whole and XX tastes it.
Person's telephone number becomes dialled if person's telephone number is not dialled and XX dials person's telephone number.
Bottle of shampoo becomes empty if bottle of shampoo is full and XX uses bottle of shampoo.
Golf bag becomes heavy if golf bag is light and XX fills golf bag.
The book becomes read if the book is unread and XX reads it.
Pair of speakers becomes used if pair of speakers is not used and XX uses pair of speakers.
Ice cube into pieces becomes pieces if ice cube into pieces is a cube and XX breaks ice cube into pieces.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are unassembled and XX assembles them.
The holster becomes secure if the holster is loose and XX buckles it.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is dirty and XX scrubs it.
Shopping list to shopping becomes unused if shopping list to shopping is used and XX takes shopping list to shopping.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Child gate becomes shut if child gate is open and XX closes child gate.
Infant seat becomes comfortable if infant seat is uncomfortable and XX adjusts infant seat.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
Bowels become full if bowels are empty and XX fills them.
The address becomes found if the address is searching for and XX searches it.
Can of soda becomes empty if can of soda is full and XX drinks can of soda.
The jacket becomes worn if the jacket is unworn and XX puts on it.
Belt of  treadmill becomes taut if belt of  treadmill is slack and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
The newspaper becomes read if the newspaper is unread and XX reads it.
The bedsheet becomes washed if the bedsheet is unwashed and XX washes it.
The detergent becomes used if the detergent is unused and XX adds it.
The address becomes new if the address is old and XX updates it.
The personal computer becomes the current if the personal computer is outdate and XX upgrades it.
Diaper rash cream to the baby's skin becomes useful if diaper rash cream to the baby's skin is unused and XX applies diaper rash cream to the baby's skin.
The cheeseburger becomes eaten if the cheeseburger is uneaten and XX eats it.
Metal chain becomes lubricted if metal chain is dry and XX lubricates metal chain.
The luggage becomes scratched if the luggage is unmarred and XX drags it.
Washbasin becomes clean if washbasin is dirty and XX wipes washbasin.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
Hand vacuum cleaner becomes charged if hand vacuum cleaner is uncharged and XX recharges hand vacuum cleaner.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
Shoes become shining if shoes are dull and XX Polishes them.
Plates become arranged if plates are scattered and XX arranges them.
The desk becomes organized if the desk is disorganized and XX arranges it.
The tree becomes pruned if the tree is overgrown and XX trims it.
Cordless phone becomes used if cordless phone is unused and XX recharges cordless phone.
Grass becomes short if grass is long and XX mows it.
Peapod becomes chewed if peapod is full and XX eats peapod.
Food becomes covered if food is exposed and XX covers it.
Mechanical pencil becomes full if mechanical pencil is empty and XX refills mechanical pencil.
Trade magazine becomes open if trade magazine is closed and XX reads trade magazine.
The baby becomes calm if the baby is uncalm and XX calms him.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is uneaten and XX eats it.
Bacon becomes eaten if bacon is cooked and XX eats it.
Letter envelope with hands becomes unsealed if letter envelope with hands is sealed and XX tears letter envelope with hands.
Safety pads becomes in use if safety pads is unworn and XX wears safety pads.
The omelette becomes on a plate if the omelette is in the pan and XX serves it.
The temperature becomes colder if the temperature is warmer and XX lowers it.
Coffee becomes warmer if coffee is being cooler and XX warms it.
Bath mat becomes clean if bath mat is dirty and XX cleans bath mat.
Can of corn becomes eaten if can of corn is not eaten and XX consumes can of corn.
Ravioli before serving becomes cooked if ravioli before serving is raw and XX cooks ravioli before serving.
Golf bag becomes filled if golf bag is empty and XX fills golf bag.
The folding chair becomes open if the folding chair is closed and XX pries open it.
Milk becomes digested if milk is liquid and XX drinks it.
Flour container with flour becomes full if flour container with flour is empty and XX fills flour container with flour.
Sealing tape becomes used if sealing tape is unused and XX applies sealing tape.
Video game becomes played if video game is unplayed and XX plays video game.
Scrap in dustbin becomes being in dust bin if scrap in dustbin is not being in dust bin and XX throws scrap in dustbin.
Bowl with crayons becomes empty if bowl with crayons is full and XX uses bowl with crayons.
Kiwi fruit becomes eaten if kiwi fruit is new and XX eats kiwi fruit.
The croissant becomes eaten if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pizza cutter becomes clean if pizza cutter is dirty and XX cleans pizza cutter.
Batteries become recharged if batteries are dead and XX recharges them.
The pool table becomes levelled if the pool table is not levelled and XX levels it.
The ball becomes far if the ball is near and XX hits it.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
Information in disk drive becomes used if information in disk drive is empty and XX stores information in disk drive.
Piece of clothing becomes beautiful if piece of clothing is holed and XX stitches piece of clothing.
Cleaning supplies becomes in stock if cleaning supplies is out of stock and XX stocks up cleaning supplies.
Letter envelope becomes ripped if letter envelope with hands is intact and XX tears letter envelope with hands.
Large group becomes a larger group if large group is a large group and XX joins large group.
The burger becomes cooked if the burger is uncooked and XX serves it.
Music becomes softer if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Puppy out of house becomes outdoor if puppy out of house is indoor and XX takes puppy out of house.
The presentation becomes arranged if the presentation is unaranged and XX schedules it.
The drivers license becomes valid if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
All exits becomes secure if all exits is insecure and XX guards all exits.
Shaving foam becomes on one's face if shaving foam is in the can and XX applies shaving foam.
Dishes become clean if dishes are dirty and XX washes them.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The reception desk becomes clean if the reception desk is dirty and XX cleans it.
Serving spoons becomes dirty if serving spoons is clean and XX uses serving spoons.
Armoir becomes closed if armoir is open and XX closes armoir.
The personal computer becomes new if the personal computer is old and XX upgrades it.
The wreath becomes hung up if the wreath is laid down and XX hangs it.
The person becomes happy if the person is lonely and XX hugs him.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dirty and XX cleans it.
Nail paint becomes applied on the nails if nail paint is in the bottle and XX applies nail paint.
The briefcase becomes loaded if the briefcase is unloaded and XX loads it.
Piece of cake becomes served if piece of cake is unserved and XX serves piece of cake.
The manual becomes read if the manual is unread and XX reads it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX vacuums it.
Book rack becomes neat if book rack is messy and XX organizes book rack.
The package becomes opened if the package is unopened and XX opens it.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes a rotten pumpkin if pumpkin at halloween is a carved pumpkin and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
Electric razor becomes switched on if electric razor is off and XX uses electric razor.
Door handle becomes moving if door handle is still and XX turns door handle.
The ball becomes caught if the ball is not caught and XX catches it.
The piano becomes used if the piano is unused and XX plays it.
Mittens in winters becomes worn if mittens in winters is unworn and XX wears mittens in winters.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
Jar of coins to paper money becomes light if jar of coins to paper money is heavy and XX converts jar of coins to paper money.
Hot tea becomes in the stomache if hot tea is in the cup and XX drinks hot tea.
The bedsheet becomes off the bed if the bedsheet is on the bed and XX removes it.
Blunt pencil becomes sharp if blunt pencil is blunt and XX sharpens blunt pencil.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
Garbage bin becomes empty if garbage bin is full and XX empties garbage bin.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is clogged and XX empties lint trap.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is open and XX screws lid on the jar.
Pile of paper becomes organized if pile of paper is messy and XX arranges pile of paper.
Player piano to play a music becomes making sounds if player piano to play a music is quiet and XX operates player piano to play a music.
String of pearls becomes being worn if string of pearls is being unused and XX wears string of pearls.
Chain links becomes connected if chain links is unconnected and XX connects chain links.
Tube of toothpaste becomes less than full if tube of toothpaste is full and XX squeezes tube of toothpaste.
Flowers become picked if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
Glass of milk becomes the drunk if glass of milk is undrunk and XX drinks glass of milk.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dusty and XX vacuums it.
The coke becomes empty if coke to visitor is full and XX serves coke to visitor.
The room becomes dim if bedside lamp is bright and XX dims bedside lamp.
The toothbrush becomes brand new if the toothbrush is worn out and XX replaces it.
Sink with water becomes full if sink with water is empty and XX fills sink with water.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes sanitary if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Hand vacuum cleaner becomes being usable if hand vacuum cleaner is being unusable and XX recharges hand vacuum cleaner.
The house becomes empty if the trip is occupied and XX goes on it.
The eggplant becomes consumed if the eggplant is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pair of shoes becomes worn if pair of shoes is not worn and XX wears pair of shoes.
Medicine from chemist becomes being owned by the customer if medicine from chemist is being owned by the chemist and XX buys medicine from chemist.
Faucet when not in use becomes closed if faucet when not in use is the dripping and XX closes faucet when not in use.
The cracker becomes eaten if the cracker is uneaten and XX eats it.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX washes them.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is agitated and XX calms it.
Paperclips becomes straight if paperclips is bent and XX untangles paperclips.
The recycling becomes outside if the recycling is in the house and XX takes out it.
Pancake with butter becomes consumed if pancake with butter is prepared and XX serves pancake with butter.
Piece of cake becomes eaten if piece of cake is served and XX serves piece of cake.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
Food dish becomes in the garbage if food dish is on the table and XX disposes food dish.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
The cat becomes fed if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
Bouncing ball becomes bouncing if bouncing ball is still and XX throws bouncing ball.
The person becomes entertained if the person is bored and XX entertains him.
Pair of pants becomes soiled if pair of pants is clean and XX wears pair of pants.
The TV becomes watched if the TV is unwatched and XX watches it.
The flame becomes low if the flame is high and XX lowers it.
Child's cup becomes full if child's cup is empty and XX fills child's cup.
The party becomes enjoyable if the party is boring and XX enjoys it.
Air becomes fresh if windows for fresh air is stale and XX opens windows for fresh air.
Pair of mittens becomes used if pair of mittens is unused and XX darns pair of mittens.
The pool becomes clean if the pool is dirty and XX cleans it.
Leather coat in winters becomes cold if leather coat in winters is warm and XX wears leather coat in winters.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
The wrench becomes used if the wrench is unused and XX uses it.
The cream becomes liquid if the cream is gas and XX applies it.
The person becomes relaxed if the person is the tense and XX massages him.
The sack becomes full if the sack is empty and XX fills it.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is open and XX screws lid on the jar.
Tv programme becomes watched if tv programme is not seen and XX watches tv programme.
Weather becomes known if weather is unchecked and XX checks it.
Cherries become chocolate-dipped if cherries into chocolate is the plain and XX dips cherries into chocolate.
Boot rack becomes the orderly if boot rack is chaotic and XX organizes boot rack.
Letter stamp becomes appreciated if letter stamp is dull and XX admires letter stamp.
Strawberry daiquiri becomes drunken if strawberry daiquiri is undrunken and XX drinks strawberry daiquiri.
Pencil lead becomes sharp if pencil lead is blunt and XX sharpens pencil lead.
Post-it notes on the wall becomes on the wall if post-it notes on the wall is on the pad and XX sticks post-it notes on the wall.
Electricity becomes conserved if electricity is consumed and XX saves it.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
The can becomes reused if the can is thrown away and XX recycles it.
The vase becomes full if vase with water is empty and XX fills vase with water.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is used and XX recycles coke can.
Ladder near wall becomes used if ladder near wall is unused and XX places ladder near wall.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
Teeth become clean if teeth are dirty and XX brushes them.
The gutter becomes unclogged if the gutter is clogged and XX cleans it.
The waffle becomes consumed if the waffle is being unconsumed and XX eats it.
The door becomes open if the door is closed and XX opens it.
Gourmet foods becomes consumed if gourmet foods is uneaten and XX eats gourmet foods.
The textbook becomes used if the textbook is new and XX reads it.
Light in the room becomes dim if bedside lamp is bright and XX dims bedside lamp.
The envelope becomes open if the envelope is closed and XX opens it.
The pill becomes many pieces if the pill is in one piece and XX takes it.
Tape cassette becomes used if tape cassette is unused and XX plays tape cassette.
The heater becomes cold if the heater is hot and XX turns off it.
An infant becomes in your arms if an infant is on the floor and XX picks an infant.
Meat becomes cooked if meat is raw and XX cooks it.
Bag of corn chips becomes empty if bag of corn chips is full and XX consumes bag of corn chips.
Spare tire becomes full if spare tire is empty and XX inflates spare tire.
Music player becomes enjoyed if music player is used and XX appreciates music player.
The flame becomes the flame if the flame is nothing and XX lights it.
Pasta becomes eaten if pasta is uneaten and XX eats it.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is unturned and XX turns door handle.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
Baby food becomes prepared if baby food is canned and XX prepares baby food.
The bagel becomes the mouth if the bagel is the hand and XX eats it.
Flashlight in the dark becomes on if flashlight in the dark is off and XX carries flashlight in the dark.
The person becomes cured if medicine is uncured and XX drinks it.
The wound becomes cleaned if the wound is dirty and XX cleanses it.
The text becomes known if the text is unknown and XX reads it.
Box of detergent becomes empty if box of detergent is full and XX uses box of detergent.
The bunny becomes seen if the bunny is unseen and XX watches it.
Music becomes less loud if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Pool table in game room becomes clean if pool table in game room is messy and XX cleans pool table in game room.
Baby shoes becomes secure if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
Pair of speakers becomes mounted if pair of speakers is unmounted and XX mounts pair of speakers.
Ac adapter becomes in use if ac adapter is unused and XX uses ac adapter.
Air conditioning duct becomes fixed if air conditioning duct is broken and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
The book becomes shelved if book in shelf is unshelved and XX puts book in shelf.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
The latch becomes closed if the latch is open and XX closes it.
Someone becomes happy if bunch of flowers to someone is normal and XX presents bunch of flowers to someone.
Person to rest becomes rested if person to rest is tired and XX asks person to rest.
Flowers in flower vase becomes full if flowers in flower vase is unfull and XX keeps flowers in flower vase.
Snap with camera becomes shut if snap with camera is open and XX takes snap with camera.
The bowl becomes clean if the bowl is soiled and XX washes it.
Whiteboard marker becomes full if whiteboard marker is empty and XX refills whiteboard marker.
The sickle becomes sharp if the sickle is dull and XX sharpens it.
Affected area becomes clean if affected area is dirty and XX washes affected area.
Hiking boots become occupied if hiking boots are not occupied and XX wears them.
The slide projector becomes clear if the slide projector is fuzzy and XX focuses it.
Leaking pipe becomes not leaking if leaking pipe is leaking and XX fixes leaking pipe.
The elevator becomes moving if the elevator is stopped and XX takes it.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Hairs become clean if hairs are dirty and XX washes them.
Clothes become clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Vcd player to play movie becomes watched if vcd player to play movie is not watched and XX operates vcd player to play movie.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
Text carefully becomes carefully written if text carefully is unwritten and XX writes text carefully.
Files become stored and organized if files are unorganized and XX archives them.
Spelling of words becomes correct if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
Bedspread before use becomes the spread if bedspread before use is folded and XX spreads bedspread before use.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
Pages become incomplete if pages are intact and XX clips them.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Pencil with sharpner becomes sharp if pencil with sharpner is dull and XX sharpens pencil with sharpner.
The tool becomes sharp if the tool is blunt and XX sharpens it.
Pot with water becomes full if pot with water is empty and XX fills pot with water.
Water sprinkler becomes installed if water sprinkler is uninstalled and XX installs water sprinkler.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
Fish back in the water becomes breathing if fish back in the water is suffocating and XX puts fish back in the water.
The string becomes short if the string is long and XX cuts it.
The motorcycle becomes fixed if the motorcycle is broken and XX repairs it.
Coke in refrigerator becomes cold if coke in refrigerator is room temperature and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
Piece of cheese becomes non-existant if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
Toilet roll becomes used if toilet roll is unused and XX purchases toilet roll.
The person becomes sheltered if the tent is outside and XX sleeps in it.
Jar of jam becomes closed if jar of jam is opened and XX closes jar of jam.
The cutting board becomes uncut if the cutting board is the cut and XX sterilizes it.
The cartridge becomes removed if the cartridge is installed and XX replaces it.
Ac becomes off if ac is on and XX turns off ac.
Slice of watermelon becomes in the stomach if slice of watermelon is on the plate and XX eats slice of watermelon.
The person becomes hurt if pain is happy and XX feels it.
Fertilizer on plants becomes invisible if fertilizer on plants is the powder and XX spreads fertilizer on plants.
Cd jewel case becomes new if cd jewel case is old and XX replaces cd jewel case.
The keyboard becomes melodious if the keyboard is silent and XX plays it.
Dirt from the floor becomes in the dustpan if dirt from the floor is on the floor and XX retrieves dirt from the floor.
The keyboard becomes being played if the keyboard is unused and XX plays it.
The tie becomes smooth if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Kitchen range becomes hot if kitchen range is cold and XX turns on kitchen range.
Dodgeball becomes moving if dodgeball is still and XX kicks dodgeball.
The table becomes decorated if table cloth on the table is the plain and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
Disc player becomes repaired if disc player is broken and XX repairs disc player.
Gloves become in use if gloves are in storage and XX wears them.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The christmas tree becomes lit if the christmas tree is unlit and XX lights it.
Dishes become dirtier if dirty dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
The newspaper becomes in the trash if the newspaper is on the floor and XX picks it.
Can of food becomes open if can of food is closed and XX opens can of food.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
Digital disc player becomes quieter if digital disc player is louder and XX turns down digital disc player.
Brakes become tight if brakes are loose and XX tightens them.
Chalk board becomes cleared if chalk board is written on and XX erases chalk board.
Basket ball becomes bouncing if basket ball is stationary and XX bounces basket ball.
Baby carrier becomes rolling if baby carrier is still and XX pushes baby carrier.
Dishes become arranged if dishes are unarranged and XX arranges them.
The bowl becomes clean if the bowl is soiled and XX washes it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
Roll of film becomes developed if roll of film for processing is undeveloped and XX gives roll of film for processing.
The shower becomes wet if the shower is dry and XX takes it.
Leftover food becomes eaten if leftover food is uneaten and XX finishes leftover food.
The christmas tree becomes lit if the christmas tree is unlit and XX lights it.
The door becomes quiet if the door is squeaky and XX oils it.
Burnt out bulb becomes light if burnt out bulb is dark and XX removes burnt out bulb.
The helmet becomes in use if the helmet is unworn and XX uses it.
Glass of tea becomes emptied by the drinking guest if glass of tea to guest is filled and XX offers glass of tea to guest.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX pushes it.
Tool kit becomes closed if tool kit is open and XX closes tool kit.
Tv shows become interesting if tv shows are unknown and XX watches them.
Dishes become dirtier if dirty dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
The curtain becomes let down if the curtain is raised and XX lowers it.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Swiss army knife becomes used if swiss army knife is unused and XX uses swiss army knife.
The charger becomes plugged in if the charger is not plugged in and XX plugs it.
Cabinets become locked if cabinets are unlocked and XX locks them.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX unloads it.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
The paper becomes copied if the photocopy is original and XX makes it.
Curtains become blocking light out if curtains are letting light in and XX closes them.
Party cake becomes the cut if party cake is whole and XX eats party cake.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
Nail cutter gently becomes closed if nail cutter gently is open and XX presses nail cutter gently.
The flute becomes noticed if the flute is unnoticed and XX hears it.
Post-it notes on the wall becomes used if post-it notes on the wall is new and XX sticks post-it notes on the wall.
The volume becomes low if the volume is high and XX turns down it.
The dining room table becomes big if the dining room table is small and XX expands it.
The album becomes open if family photo album is closed and XX shows family photo album.
Barbeque grill becomes hot if barbeque grill is cool and XX heats barbeque grill.
The list becomes awsome if the list is boring and XX makes it.
Bag of money becomes protected if bag of money is unprotected and XX safeguards bag of money.
People become calm if people are hysterical and XX calms down them.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
The floor becomes cleaner if the floor is dirtier and XX cleans it.
Blunt pencil becomes sharp if blunt pencil is blunt and XX sharpens blunt pencil.
Toasted bread becomes light brown if toasted bread is white and XX makes toasted bread.
Food becomes hot if food is cold and XX warms up it.
The package becomes opened if the package is sealed and XX opens it.
Stationary becomes owned if stationary is for sale and XX buys stationary.
Copy machine becomes empty if copy machine is full and XX uses copy machine.
The call becomes answered if the call is unanswered and XX answers it.
Rain coat becomes worn by someone if rain coat is hanging in the closet and XX puts on rain coat.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Spelling of words becomes the right if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
Pair of pants becomes worn if pair of pants is hanging and XX wears pair of pants.
Trade magazine becomes opened if trade magazine is unopened and XX reads trade magazine.
The electric outlet becomes used if the electric outlet is unused and XX uses it.
Toys become picked up if toys are on the floor and XX picks up them.
The log becomes burned if the log is good and XX burns it.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
The rifle becomes loaded if the rifle is empty and XX loads it.
The tree becomes healthy if the tree is dry and XX waters it.
The shoe becomes shiny if the shoe is dull and XX shines it.
The banjo becomes heard if the banjo is unheard and XX hears it.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
The poster becomes hung if the poster is not hung and XX hangs it.
The bracelet becomes old if the bracelet is new and XX wears it.
Blinds become closed if blinds are open and XX closes them.
Eyes become protected if sunglasses are bare and XX wears them.
The suit becomes woren if the suit is new and XX wears it.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX fills it.
Pile of lumber becomes arranged if pile of lumber is unarranged and XX arranges pile of lumber.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is uncarved and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Washbasin becomes dry if washbasin is wet and XX wipes washbasin.
The bracelet becomes be around a wrist if the bracelet is lying down and XX wears it.
The camera becomes straight if camera tripod is angled and XX levels camera tripod.
Load of laundry becomes folded if load of laundry is wrinkled and XX folds load of laundry.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Iron board for ironing becomes ironed on if iron board for ironing is folded up and XX uses iron board for ironing.
Dishes become sorted if dishes are random and XX arranges them.
Bathroom cabinet becomes closed if bathroom cabinet is open and XX closes bathroom cabinet.
The door becomes unlocked if the door is locked and XX unlocks it.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
The song becomes played if the song is silent and XX plays it.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
Bottle of wine becomes open if bottle of wine is closed and XX opens bottle of wine.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
The graduation becomes held if the graduation is unheld and XX celebrates it.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
The dentist becomes unavailable if the dentist is available and XX consults him.
The hammock becomes tighter if the hammock is looser and XX tightens it.
The cap becomes being on the head if the cap is not being on the head and XX wears it.
The phone line becomes repaired if the phone line is broken and XX repairs it.
The tyre becomes inflated if the tyre is uninflated and XX inflates it.
The presentation becomes prepared if the presentation is unprepared and XX prepares it.
Coat peg becomes upper if coat peg is lower and XX puts up coat peg.
The lightbulb becomes out of the socket if the lightbulb is in the socket and XX changes it.
The seal becomes preserved if the seal is unpreserved and XX preserves it.
Fruits in bowl becomes eaten if fruits in bowl is not eaten and XX eats fruits in bowl.
The teapot becomes filled if the teapot is empty and XX refills it.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
Strawberry daiquiri becomes consumed if strawberry daiquiri is unconsumed and XX drinks strawberry daiquiri.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is contains diapers and XX empties diaper pail.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
Affected area becomes clean if affected area is dirty and XX washes affected area.
The ball becomes used if the ball is not used and XX kicks it.
Rain coat becomes worn if rain coat is not worn and XX puts on rain coat.
The stove becomes cold if kitchen gas is hot and XX turns off kitchen gas.
Memo for future use becomes findable if memo for future use is misplaced and XX stores memo for future use.
Baby sleep on bed becomes comfortable if baby sleep on bed is uncomfortable and XX makes baby sleep on bed.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
Center table becomes the set if center table is unmade and XX sets center table.
The silverware becomes shiny if the silverware is unshiny and XX Polishes it.
Water sprinkler becomes functioning if water sprinkler is non functioning and XX installs water sprinkler.
Stack of letters becomes stored if stack of letters is unstored and XX stores stack of letters.
The scrambled egg becomes eaten if the scrambled egg is uneaten and XX eats it.
Dish detergent becomes used if dish detergent is away and XX adds dish detergent.
The sponge becomes clean if the sponge is dirty and XX cleans it.
Beer becomes empty if beer is full and XX drinks it.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX empties lint trap.
Food becomes served if food to people is ready to be eaten and XX serves food to people.
Headphones become always clean if headphones frequently is often dirty and XX cleans headphones frequently.
Envelopes become used if envelopes are new and XX mails them.
Food becomes ready to eat if food is unprepared and XX prepares it.
Brakes become tight if brakes are loose and XX tightens them.
The doctor becomes consulted if the doctor is unconsulted and XX consults him.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is unclean and XX shampoos it.
Belt of  treadmill becomes hard if belt of  treadmill is easy and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
The vase becomes full of water if vase with water is dry and XX fills vase with water.
The date becomes recalled if the date is forgotten and XX remembers it.
The magazine becomes used if the magazine is new and XX reads it.
Door bell button becomes depressed if door bell button is not pressed and XX pushes door bell button.
First aid box in drawer becomes hidden if first aid box in drawer is visible and XX keeps first aid box in drawer.
Pile of paper becomes neat if pile of paper is strewn and XX gathers pile of paper.
The amplifier becomes quieter if the amplifier is louder and XX turns down it.
The cartridge becomes full if the cartridge is empty and XX replaces it.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries out bath mat.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The latch becomes closed if the latch is open and XX closes it.
The log becomes moving if the log is inert and XX rolls it.
Bill becomes settled if Bill is unpaid and XX pays him.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
The toilet becomes clean if toilet with soap solution is dirty and XX washes toilet with soap solution.
The wick becomes flaming if the candle is extinguished and XX lights it.
Night lamp becomes lit if night lamp is unlit and XX turns on night lamp.
The seasoning becomes used if the seasoning is unused and XX uses it.
Bowtie pasta becomes eaten if bowtie pasta is cooked and XX eats bowtie pasta.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
The person becomes happy if the person is lonely and XX hugs him.
The suit becomes worn if the suit is unworn and XX wears it.
Owner's tastes becomes known if owner's tastes is unknown and XX knows owner's tastes.
Charger when finished becomes off if charger when finished is running and XX unplugs charger when finished.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
Dirty dishes becomes high quantity if dirty dishes in dishwasher is low quantity and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
The poster becomes hung if the poster is not hung and XX hangs it.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is open and XX screws lid on the jar.
Water in pot becomes empty if water in pot is full and XX pours water in pot.
The floor mat becomes clean if the floor mat is dirty and XX cleans it.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes presented if bunch of roses to someone is not presented and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
An infant becomes full if an infant is hungry and XX feeds an infant.
Bottle of ketchup becomes full if bottle of ketchup is empty and XX fills bottle of ketchup.
The orange becomes pealed if the orange is unpealed and XX peels it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
The kite becomes flying if the kite is not flying and XX flies it.
The orange juice becomes prepared if the orange juice is not prepared and XX makes it.
The soap dispenser becomes full if the soap dispenser is empty and XX refills it.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX wipes them.
The computer becomes in use if the computer is not in use and XX uses it.
Bottle of water in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
Dish detergent becomes used if dish detergent is away and XX adds dish detergent.
Dog bone becomes chased if dog bone is dogbone and XX takes away dog bone.
Memories become remembered if memories are forgotten and XX retells them.
The toy becomes hidden if the toy is usable and XX hides it.
Deck of cards becomes the orderly if deck of cards is disordered and XX arranges deck of cards.
Shoes become shiny if shoes are dull and XX Polishes them.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Curling iron after use becomes cool if curling iron after use is hot and XX turns off curling iron after use.
The bagel becomes the mouth if the bagel is the hand and XX eats it.
The toilet becomes swirling if the toilet is still and XX flushes it.
Children become full if children are hungry and XX feeds them.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
Kitchen gas stove becomes lit if kitchen gas stove is not lit and XX lights kitchen gas stove.
Objects become used if objects are new and XX tests them.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
The baby becomes found if the baby is lost and XX finds him.
Frosted cake becomes eaten if frosted cake is edible and XX eats frosted cake.
Serving knife becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
Bedsheet on the bed becomes the spread if bedsheet on the bed is folded and XX spreads bedsheet on the bed.
Water becomes fresh if water is stale and XX freshens it.
Toy cars become recharged if toy cars are not charged and XX charges them.
The floor mat becomes spotless if the floor mat is dirty and XX cleans it.
The telephone becomes used if the telephone is unused and XX answers it.
Baby bib becomes dirty if baby bib is clean and XX uses baby bib.
The gutter becomes clear if the gutter is clogged and XX clears it.
Bedspread becomes mended if bedspread is unmended and XX mends bedspread.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
The call becomes answered if the call is unanswered and XX answers it.
The ball becomes the hit if the ball is unhit and XX hits it.
Dinner table becomes filled with food if dinner is empty and XX serves it.
Movie dvd becomes clean if movie dvd is dirty and XX cleans movie dvd.
The gift becomes well packaged if gift with sheet of paper is loose and XX packs gift with sheet of paper.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
The back pack becomes being carried if the back pack is sitting and XX carries it.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX prepares it.
The scarf becomes on if the scarf is off and XX puts on it.
Curtains become released if curtains are held and XX releases them.
Inkwell with ink becomes filled if inkwell with ink is empty and XX fills inkwell with ink.
Lenses become clean if lenses with a clean piece of cloth is dirty and XX cleans lenses with a clean piece of cloth.
Water becomes solid if ice is liquid and XX freezes it.
The location becomes empty if the location is occupied and XX evacuates it.
Oriental rug becomes clean if oriental rug is dirty and XX vacuums oriental rug.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
The match becomes burning if the match is not burning and XX lights it.
The briefcase becomes full if the briefcase is empty and XX loads it.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
Jug of milk becomes covered if jug of milk is exposed and XX covers jug of milk.
Paint tray becomes full if paint tray is empty and XX refills paint tray.
The skylight becomes installed and ready to go if the skylight is unuseful and XX installs it.
The toothpaste becomes unavailable if the toothpaste is available and XX squashes it.
Fishes become sated if fishes of aquarium is hungry and XX feeds fishes of aquarium.
Carpets become clean if carpets are dirty and XX vacuums them.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
The flashlight becomes on if the flashlight is off and XX turns on it.
The ball becomes caught if the ball is flying and XX catches it.
Tiki god mask becomes colored if tiki god mask is colorless and XX colors tiki god mask.
The plumber becomes busy if the plumber is idle and XX calls him.
Warm clothes becomes worn if warm clothes is unworn and XX wears warm clothes.
Email becomes received if email is unsent and XX sends it.
Rules become obeyed if rules are ignored and XX follows them.
Children become full if children are hungry and XX feeds them.
The cookie becomes served if the cookie is stored and XX serves it.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
The hair becomes styled if the hair is messy and XX brushes it.
Broken glass becomes swept if broken glass is unswept and XX sweeps broken glass.
The newspaper becomes recycled if the newspaper is potential garbage and XX recycles it.
Football becomes passed if football is unpassed and XX passes it.
Money becomes spent if money is in the bank and XX spends it.
Plate in kitchen sink becomes somewhere if plate in kitchen sink is nowhere and XX puts plate in kitchen sink.
The key becomes copied if the key is uncopied and XX duplicates it.
Spectacles become clear if spectacles are greasy and XX cleans them.
The flashlight becomes on if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
The dessert becomes in your stomach if the dessert is on the plate and XX eats it.
Eggs become broken if eggs are unbroken and XX breaks them.
The drivers license becomes the current if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
The meal becomes eaten if the meal is uneaten and XX eats it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Nail file becomes dull if nail file is sharp and XX sharpens nail file.
The door becomes open if the doorbell is closed and XX answers it.
The musical instrument becomes being used if the musical instrument is not being used and XX plays it.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes plugged if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is unplugged and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
The object becomes discovered if an object is lost and XX finds an object.
The fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
The coffee table becomes clean if the coffee table is dirty and XX wipes it.
The detergent becomes added if the detergent is not added and XX adds it.
Friend in need becomes looked after if friend in need is ignored and XX calls friend in need.
The coffee table becomes used if the coffee table is not used and XX uses it.
The person becomes occupied if the person is lonely and XX calls him.
The break becomes longer if the break is short and XX lengthens it.
The cutting board becomes dirty if fresh carrot is clean and XX cuts fresh carrot.
The stamp becomes used if the stamp is unused and XX sticks it.
The baby becomes full if the baby is hungry and XX feeds him.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
Note pad becomes dry if note pad is wet and XX dries note pad.
The string becomes short if the string is long and XX cuts it.
The tent becomes occupied if the tent is unoccupied and XX sleeps in it.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
Chocolate becomes being cooled if chocolate is being hot and XX cools it.
The book becomes in one's hand if the book is on the shelf and XX selects it.
The book becomes read if the book is unread and XX reads it.
Three piece suit becomes used if three piece suit is unworn and XX wears three piece suit.
Trash bag becomes outside if the trash is in the house and XX takes out it.
Person's head becomes covered if the hat is naked and XX wears it.
Tv programme becomes watched if tv programme is unwatched and XX watches tv programme.
The parcel becomes there if the parcel is here and XX sends it.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
Someone becomes happy if bunch of flowers to someone is normal and XX presents bunch of flowers to someone.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
Pepsi can becomes compressed if pepsi can is expanded and XX crushes pepsi can.
Police become summoned if police are not notified and XX calls them.
Plaid bowtie becomes around the neck if plaid bowtie is in the closet and XX wears plaid bowtie.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
Glasses of spectacles becomes the face if glasses of spectacles is the face and XX replaces glasses of spectacles.
Table cover on table becomes the room if table cover on table is the room and XX spreads table cover on table.
The corndog becomes cooked if the corndog is uncooked and XX cooks it.
The receptionist becomes helpful if the receptionist is available and XX asks him.
Hairs become curled if hairs are straight and XX curls them.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX hits it.
The yarn becomes collected if the yarn is loose and XX gathers it.
Filet of fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
The hot dog becomes consumed if the hot dog is edible and XX eats it.
The injury becomes washed if injury using antiseptic is unwashed and XX cleans injury using antiseptic.
Lampshade becomes clean if lampshade is dusty and XX dusts lampshade.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
Bathroom shower becomes clean if bathroom shower is dirty and XX cleans bathroom shower.
Bowels become full if bowels are empty and XX fills them.
Lid of washing machine becomes open if lid of washing machine is closed and XX opens lid of washing machine.
Halogen desk lamp becomes on if halogen desk lamp is off and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
The pocket becomes repaired if the pocket is ripped and XX stitches it.
The glass becomes clean if the glass is dirty and XX washes it.
Dirty clothes becomes clean if dirty clothes is dirty and XX carries dirty clothes.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
Family photo album becomes organized if family photo album is disorganized and XX arranges family photo album.
The table becomes having utensils and plates on it if the table is bare and XX sets it.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
The tube becomes empty if the tube is full and XX squeezes it.
Woolen clothes in closet becomes in the closet if woolen clothes in closet is on the bed and XX keeps woolen clothes in closet.
Children's bed room becomes clean if children's bed room is dirty and XX cleans children's bed room.
Wall calendar becomes new if wall calendar is old and XX replaces wall calendar.
Pair of trousers becomes wet if pair of trousers is dry and XX washes pair of trousers.
Medicines become purchased if medicines are unpurchased and XX purchases them.
The laundry becomes clean if the laundry is dirty and XX does it.
Infant seat becomes adjusted if infant seat is not adjusted and XX adjusts infant seat.
The bug becomes fone if the bug is the present and XX removes it.
Garbage becomes disposed of if garbage is not disposed of and XX throws it.
The lobster becomes cracked shell if the lobster is whole shell on and XX eats it.
Piece of art becomes admired if piece of art is unseen and XX admires piece of art.
Portable heater becomes turned down if portable heater is turned on and XX turns down portable heater.
Payment through credit card becomes posted if payment through credit card is unposted and XX makes payment through credit card.
The stamp becomes wet if the stamp is dry and XX licks it.
Stamps with glue becomes adhered if stamps with glue is loose and XX sticks stamps with glue.
The flute becomes used if the flute is unused and XX plays it.
The salmon becomes consumed if the salmon is on the plate and XX eats it.
Important document becomes read if important document is unread and XX scans important document.
Movie poster becomes up if movie poster is down and XX hangs movie poster.
The wedding ring becomes special if the wedding ring is normal and XX engraves it.
The shoelace becomes loose if the shoelace is tight and XX opens it.
The dessert becomes eaten if the dessert is whole and XX eats it.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes clean if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Pot of tulips becomes dead if pot of tulips is alive and XX takes care of pot of tulips.
Woolen clothes becomes used if woolen clothes is new and XX wears woolen clothes.
Winter coat becomes hung if winter coat is not hung and XX hangs winter coat.
The tub becomes filled if tub with water is empty and XX fills tub with water.
Telephone cord becomes elongated if telephone cord is original length and XX extends telephone cord.
Bacteria become absent if bacteria are the present and XX removes them.
The shirt becomes labeled if the shirt is unlabeled and XX labels it.
Lead of pencil becomes checked if lead of pencil is unchecked and XX checks lead of pencil.
Paper for future reference becomes filed if paper for future reference is unfiled and XX files paper for future reference.
Bunch of tulips becomes thrown away if bunch of tulips is not thrown away and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
The lemon becomes juiced if the lemon is whole and XX squeezes it.
The remote becomes functional if the battery is nonfunctional and XX replaces it.
Skate board becomes moving if skate board is stopped and XX rides skate board.
Bowl of strawberries becomes empty if bowl of strawberries is full and XX consumes bowl of strawberries.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is unpaid and XX pays him.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
Bottle of beer becomes empty if bottle of beer is full and XX drinks bottle of beer.
The fish becomes cleaned if the fish is whole and XX cleans it.
Dishes become neat if dishes are disorganized and XX sets them.
The doll becomes clean if the doll is dirty and XX cleans it.
Artificial plant becomes shiny if artificial plant is dusty and XX dusts artificial plant.
The radiator becomes cool if the radiator is hot and XX cools it.
The ball becomes thrown if bouncing ball is unthrown and XX throws bouncing ball.
Long jump rope from the ends becomes compact if long jump rope from the ends is wide and XX tightens long jump rope from the ends.
Curtains become raised if curtains are drawn and XX raises them.
The duvet becomes used if the duvet is folded and XX uses it.
Halogen desk lamp becomes on if halogen desk lamp is off and XX turns on halogen desk lamp.
Wet floor becomes dry if wet floor is wet and XX wipes wet floor.
Mobile becomes answered if it is unanswered and XX picks up it.
The trunk becomes open if the trunk is closed and XX opens it.
The electric outlet becomes full if the electric outlet is empty and XX uses it.
The shredder becomes empty if the shredder is filled and XX empties it.
The exercise becomes done if the exercise is not done and XX does it.
Book rack becomes organized if book rack is unorganised and XX organizes book rack.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
The envelope becomes addressed and posted if the envelope is unaddressed and XX mails it.
Old batteries becomes disposed of if old batteries is not disposed of and XX disposes old batteries.
Pizza becomes sliced if pizza is whole and XX cuts it.
The dollar becomes spent if the dollar is saved and XX spends it.
Lid of trash can becomes on if lid of trash can is off and XX closes lid of trash can.
The orange juice becomes juiced if the orange juice is whole fruit and XX makes it.
Teeth become clean if teeth with toothpaste and brush is dirty and XX cleans teeth with toothpaste and brush.
Bedsheets become smooth if bedsheets are wrinkled and XX irons them.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
The stove becomes on if kitchen gas stove is off and XX lights kitchen gas stove.
Recycling can to the curb becomes empty if recycling can to the curb is full and XX takes recycling can to the curb.
Stack of paper becomes neat if stack of paper is unkempt and XX arranges stack of paper.
Dozen eggs becomes eaten if dozen eggs is uneaten and XX serves dozen eggs.
Reading glasses become worn if reading glasses are unused and XX puts on them.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
The hotdog becomes the half if the hotdog is whole and XX eats it.
The phone becomes engaged if the phone is free and XX uses it.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
The corndog becomes cooked if the corndog is raw and XX cooks it.
Pair of goggles becomes worn if pair of goggles is unworn and XX wears pair of goggles.
Source of water becomes off if source of water is on and XX turns off source of water.
The reception desk becomes tidy if the reception desk is messy and XX cleans it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is wet and XX washes it.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
Jar of jam becomes open if jar of jam is closed and XX opens jar of jam.
The child becomes smiling if the child is crying and XX calms him.
The task becomes forgotten if the task is remembered and XX forgets it.
The teapot becomes full if the teapot is empty and XX refills it.
Bottle of beer in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of beer in refrigerator is warm and XX places bottle of beer in refrigerator.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
The person becomes found if the person is lost and XX locates him.
Shampoo on hair becomes washing the hair if shampoo on hair is in the bottle and XX applies shampoo on hair.
Box of detergent becomes new and full if box of detergent is old and empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
Baby bottle becomes filled if baby bottle is empty and XX fills baby bottle.
Toys to children for playing becomes moving if toys to children for playing is still and XX gives toys to children for playing.
The rope becomes used if the rope is new and XX uses it.
Kitchen stove becomes off if kitchen stove is on and XX turns off kitchen stove.
The soccer ball becomes moving if the soccer ball is stationary and XX kicks it.
Gallon of milk in refrigerator becomes stored if gallon of milk in refrigerator is out and XX stores gallon of milk in refrigerator.
Baby's hand becomes held if baby's hand is free and XX holds baby's hand.
Electric appliance becomes on if electric appliance is off and XX turns on electric appliance.
Bottle of water becomes chilled if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
Eggs become scrambled if eggs are whole and XX mixes them.
Leather coat in winters becomes being worn if leather coat in winters is hanging and XX wears leather coat in winters.
The letter becomes postage paid if the letter is postage due and XX stamps it.
The luggage becomes dirty if the luggage is clean and XX drags it.
The receiver becomes picked up if the receiver is set down and XX picks up it.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is full and XX empties lint trap.
The cap becomes found if the cap is lost and XX picks up it.
The luggage becomes full if the luggage is empty and XX packs it.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are unchopped and XX chops them.
Water becomes hot if hot water knob is cold and XX turns on hot water knob.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
The robe becomes being worn if the robe is not in use and XX wears it.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is the trash and XX recycles coke can.
Hairs become curly if hairs are straight and XX curls them.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
The musical instrument becomes used if the musical instrument is new and XX plays it.
The scrambled egg becomes eaten if the scrambled egg is uneaten and XX eats it.
The mushroom becomes soft if the mushroom is hard and XX cooks it.
The hair clip becomes tight if the hair clip is loose and XX tightens it.
The flashlight becomes on if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
Leather satchel becomes in transit if leather satchel is unmoving and XX carries leather satchel.
Books become organize if books are the mess and XX arranges them.
Stationary becomes bought if stationary is not bought and XX buys stationary.
The mop becomes taken out if the mop is put away and XX takes out it.
The house becomes empty if the trip is occupied and XX goes on it.
Ball thrown becomes stationary if ball thrown is moving and XX catches ball thrown.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
The houseplant becomes moist if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
The number becomes ringing if the number is the dial tone and XX dials it.
Vcd player to play movie becomes on if vcd player to play movie is off and XX operates vcd player to play movie.
The rug becomes cleaner if area rug is dirty and XX vacuums area rug.
Weather becomes checked if weather is not checked and XX checks it.
The mushroom becomes cooked if the mushroom is raw and XX cooks it.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is sealed and XX opens it.
The croissant becomes eaten if the croissant is fresh and XX eats it.
Babies highchair becomes low if babies highchair is high and XX adjusts babies highchair.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
The hutch becomes unlocked if the hutch is locked and XX unlocks it.
The cork becomes out of the bottle if the cork is in the bottle and XX unscrews it.
Power generator becomes active if power generator is idle and XX deploys power generator.
Coffee in coffee grinder becomes dirty if coffee in coffee grinder is clean and XX grinds coffee in coffee grinder.
The alarm clock becomes the set if the alarm clock is unset and XX resets it.
Box of detergent becomes empty if box of detergent is full and XX uses box of detergent.
Contact lenses become worn if contact lenses are unworn and XX wears them.
Chocolate becomes eaten if chocolate is uneaten and XX consumes it.
The presentation becomes scheduled if the presentation is unsceduled and XX schedules it.
Sugar cookie becomes eaten if sugar cookie is pretty and XX eats sugar cookie.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
Table legs becomes even if table legs is wobbly and XX levels table legs.
The goblet becomes shiny if the goblet is dull and XX Polishes it.
Rose to a friend becomes given if rose to a friend is not given and XX presents rose to a friend.
Feet become clean if feet are smelly and XX washes them.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pair of boots becomes worn if pair of boots is unworn and XX wears pair of boots.
Screen door becomes closed if screen door is open and XX closes screen door.
The nail becomes embedded if the nail is protruding and XX hammers it.
Electric can opener away from kids becomes the safe if electric can opener away from kids is unsafe and XX keeps electric can opener away from kids.
Visitor by opening the door becomes welcome if visitor by opening the door is unwelcome and XX greets visitor by opening the door.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
The folding chair becomes usable if the folding chair is unusable and XX pries open it.
The mask becomes taken off if the mask is wore and XX wears it.
Nails become short if nails are long and XX cuts them.
Toiler paper roll becomes changed if toiler paper roll is used up and XX refills toiler paper roll.
Pair of jeans becomes worn if pair of jeans is unworn and XX wears pair of jeans.
Boxes become full if boxes are empty and XX fills them.
Receiver on cordless phone base becomes on if receiver on cordless phone base is off and XX charges receiver on cordless phone base.
Clothes become folded if clothes are messy and XX folds them.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
Dough becomes kneaded if dough is unkneaded and XX kneads it.
The doctor becomes informed if the doctor is uninformed and XX informs him.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
The sickle becomes sharp if the sickle is dull and XX sharpens it.
Baby carseat becomes the safe if baby carseat is unsafe and XX tightens baby carseat.
The campfire becomes bright if the campfire is dark and XX lights it.
The fruit becomes in-stomach if kiwi fruit is in-hand and XX eats kiwi fruit.
The child becomes excited if doll to a child is normal and XX presents doll to a child.
Dirt from the floor becomes being elsewhere if dirt from the floor is being on the floor and XX sweeps dirt from the floor.
Stamps on envelope becomes on the envelope if stamps on envelope is in the stamp book and XX pastes stamps on envelope.
The car engine becomes running if the car engine is idle and XX STARTS it.
Computer display becomes bright if computer display is dim and XX brightens computer display.
The radiator becomes the cooler if the radiator is hot and XX cools it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes ready to start if dishes in dishwasher is empty and XX loads dishes in dishwasher.
Movie poster becomes hanging if movie poster is lying and XX hangs movie poster.
The cigarette becomes lighted if the cigarette is unlighted and XX lights it.
Ice becomes crushed if ice is uncrushed and XX crushes it.
Garbage becomes on the ground if garbage is in your hand and XX throws it.
Ear-ring becomes on if ear-ring is not on and XX wears ear-ring.
The biscuit becomes eaten if the biscuit is uneaten and XX eats it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
The salt shaker becomes refilled if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
Broken glass becomes collect if broken glass is scattered and XX sweeps broken glass.
Spool of thread becomes unrolled if spool of thread is rolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The baby becomes being changed if new diaper on the baby is having a dirty diaper and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
The comforter becomes folded if the comforter is unfolded and XX folds it.
Food dish becomes disposed if food dish is used and XX disposes food dish.
Baritone brass instrument becomes played if baritone brass instrument is put away and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
The photograph becomes framed if the photograph is unframed and XX frames it.
Potato chips become consumed if potato chips are whole and XX eats them.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
The gutter becomes clean if the gutter is dirty and XX clears it.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Bowl of soup on dinner table becomes empty if bowl of soup on dinner table is full of soup and XX serves bowl of soup on dinner table.
The mantle becomes clean if the mantle is dusty and XX dusts it.
The campfire becomes lit if the campfire is unlit and XX lights it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX cleans it.
Basket ball becomes bouncing if basket ball is in my hands and XX bounces basket ball.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The birthday cake becomes eaten if the birthday cake is intact and XX eats it.
The tooth becomes inanimate if the tooth is part of the body and XX removes it.
The letter becomes posted if the letter is unposted and XX posts it.
Pizza becomes eaten if pizza is uneaten and XX eats it.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
The safe becomes locked and closed if money secure is open and XX keeps money secure.
The bowl becomes clean if the bowl is dirty and XX washes it.
Boxing bag becomes usable if boxing bag is unusable and XX hangs boxing bag.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dusty and XX vacuums it.
Wall clock time becomes on time if wall clock time is wrong and XX corrects wall clock time.
Gloves become worn if gloves are empty and XX wears them.
Baby food becomes hot if baby food is cold and XX prepares baby food.
Shirts in the closet becomes hung if shirts in the closet is unhung and XX hangs shirts in the closet.
The drumstick becomes eaten if the drumstick is tasty looking and XX eats it.
Washbasin with disinfectant becomes clean if washbasin with disinfectant is dirty and XX cleans washbasin with disinfectant.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
Reading glasses become used if reading glasses are unused and XX puts on them.
The brush becomes softer if the brush is stiff and XX softens it.
Earth globe becomes studied if earth globe is not studied and XX studies earth globe.
Grapes in refrigerator becomes bad if grapes in refrigerator is good and XX stores grapes in refrigerator.
Leather coat in winters becomes being worn if leather coat in winters is hanging and XX wears leather coat in winters.
Xmas tree becomes decorated if xmas tree is undecorated and XX decorates xmas tree.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
The cocktail becomes consumed if the cocktail is the present and XX drinks it.
Cushion which is comfortable becomes sat on if cushion which is comfortable is not sat on and XX gets cushion which is comfortable.
Jump rope in both hands becomes held if jump rope in both hands is not held and XX holds jump rope in both hands.
The dishwasher becomes on if the dishwasher is off and XX STARTS it.
Salad becomes eaten if salad is the present and XX eats it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
Source of water becomes still if source of water is running and XX turns off source of water.
Pasta becomes being eaten if pasta is being served and XX eats it.
The meal becomes ready if the meal is unprepared and XX serves it.
Toner cartridge becomes filled with ink if toner cartridge is empty and XX refills toner cartridge.
Pizza becomes cooked if pizza is uncooked and XX prepares it.
Hiking boots become being worn if hiking boots are not  being worn and XX wears them.
Bottle of mustard becomes full if bottle of mustard is empty and XX fills bottle of mustard.
Relatives become invited if relatives are uninvited and XX invites them.
Sticky tape becomes being used if sticky tape is unused and XX applies sticky tape.
The picture becomes expensive if the picture is cheap and XX appreciates it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
Flower bouquet becomes wet if flower bouquet is dry and XX waters flower bouquet.
Water in pot becomes empty if water in pot is full and XX pours water in pot.
Dust-pan becomes empty if dust-pan's dirt in the trash can is full and XX empties dust-pan's dirt in the trash can.
The child becomes calm if the child is hysterical and XX pacifies him.
The chocolate bar becomes used if the chocolate bar is available and XX eats it.
The ball becomes stopped if the ball is moving and XX stops it.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
The skirt becomes worn if the skirt is unused and XX wears it.
Pants before wearing becomes ironed if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
The commode becomes full of fresh water if the commode is full of waste and XX flushes it.
The motorcycle becomes driven if the motorcycle is undriven and XX drives it.
The cracker becomes chewed if the cracker is whole and XX eats it.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
Lead of pencil becomes sharp if lead of pencil is dull and XX checks lead of pencil.
Lid on the jar becomes closed if lid on the jar is open and XX screws lid on the jar.
Vino becomes old if vino is young and XX ages vino.
The fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
Information in disk drive becomes used if information in disk drive is empty and XX stores information in disk drive.
Diamond in a safe place becomes secure if diamond in a safe place is unsecured and XX stores diamond in a safe place.
The costume becomes being on a person if the costume is being on a hanger and XX wears it.
The web browser becomes open if the web browser is closed and XX opens it.
The stuffed animal becomes dry if the stuffed animal is wet and XX dries it.
The string becomes tight if the string is loose and XX tightens it.
Soda can becomes discarded if soda can is used and XX throws away soda can.
Calender becomes new if calender is old and XX replaces calender.
Medicines regularly to the patient becomes taken if medicines regularly to the patient is untaken and XX gives medicines regularly to the patient.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
The charger becomes off if charger when finished is on and XX unplugs charger when finished.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The buckle becomes tight if the buckle is loose and XX ties it.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
Pepper becomes the ground if pepper is whole and XX grinds it.
The gutter becomes clear if the gutter is clogged and XX clears it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Stationary bike becomes moving if stationary bike is the stop and XX rides stationary bike.
The coffee table becomes wiped if the coffee table is unwiped and XX wipes it.
Christmas cookie becomes gone if christmas cookie is whole and XX eats christmas cookie.
Doors of the car becomes shut if doors of the car is open and XX closes doors of the car.
The heat becomes on if the heat is off and XX turns on it.
The rum becomes the drunk if the rum is undrunk and XX drinks it.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is soiled and XX washes hand towel.
The bag becomes closed if the bag is open and XX ties it.
Projection screen becomes unrolled if projection screen is rolled up and XX unrolls projection screen.
Dishes become clean if dishes are dirty and XX cleans them.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
Book rack becomes organized if book rack is not organized and XX organizes book rack.
Dishes become picked up if dishes are messy and XX picks up them.
The kitten becomes full if the kitten is hungry and XX feeds it.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
Ink becomes full if ink is empty and XX refills it.
Plumbing pipes becomes unfrozen if plumbing pipes is frozen and XX defrosts plumbing pipes.
Coffee beans become coffee if coffee beans are whole beans and XX grinds them.
The gutter becomes clean if the gutter is dirty and XX clears it.
The suitcase becomes organized if the suitcase is disorganized and XX arranges it.
Beer becomes taken and gulped if beer is available and XX drinks it.
The lawn becomes healthy if the lawn is wilted and XX waters it.
Boundaries become noted if boundaries are unmarked and XX marks them.
Ice bucket becomes full if ice bucket is empty and XX refills ice bucket.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is messy and XX tidies it.
The job becomes done if the job is undone and XX performs it.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is the upset and XX comforts it.
The garlic becomes eaten if the garlic is whole and XX consumes it.
The bee becomes dead if the bee is alive and XX kills it.
Grades become higher if grades are lower and XX improves them.
Glass cup becomes full if glass cup is empty and XX fills glass cup.
Tv shows become on if tv shows are off and XX watches them.
Lights become off if lights are on and XX turns off them.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is unhung and XX hangs boxing bag.
The hammock becomes tight if the hammock is loose and XX tightens it.
Pair of boots becomes Polished if pair of boots before wearing is unpoished and XX Polishes pair of boots before wearing.
The burger becomes eaten if the burger is available and XX eats it.
The tire becomes inflated if flat tire is the flat and XX repairs flat tire.
Clean dishes becomes put away dishes if clean dishes is cleaned dishes and XX puts away clean dishes.
The magazine becomes read if the magazine is unread and XX reads it.
The lock becomes open if the key is locked and XX turns it.
Tape cassette becomes being at the beginning when played if tape cassette is being at the end of the tape when played and XX rewinds tape cassette.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
The saddle becomes mended if the saddle is torn or ripped and XX stitches it.
Curtains become high if curtains are low and XX raises them.
The document becomes the bound if the document is unbound and XX binds it.
The tree becomes trimmed if the tree is untrimmed and XX trims it.
Letter pad becomes put away if letter pad is out and XX puts away letter pad.
Skate board becomes moving if skate board is idle and XX rides skate board.
Loaf of bread becomes eaten if loaf of bread is uneaten and XX eats loaf of bread.
Cosmetics become used if cosmetics are unused and XX applies them.
Curtains become released if curtains are unreleased and XX releases them.
Clothes become stored away if clothes are piled and XX hangs them.
3 hole punch becomes sharp if 3 hole punch is dull and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
The rack becomes arranged if the rack is unarranged and XX arranges it.
Stamps with glue becomes wet if stamps with glue is dry and XX sticks stamps with glue.
Cable company for cable connection becomes connected if cable company for cable connection is not connected and XX calls cable company for cable connection.
The pie becomes incomplete if the pie is complete and XX eats it.
Bath mat becomes clean if bath mat is dirty and XX cleans bath mat.
Hot tea becomes prepare if hot tea is unprepared and XX prepares hot tea.
Bunch of grapes becomes eaten if bunch of grapes is pristine and XX eats bunch of grapes.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes dirty if diaper area using wet tissue is clean and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Cable modem becomes on if cable modem is on to off and XX reboots cable modem.
Juicer becomes clean if juicer is sticky and XX washes juicer.
Lead becomes connected if lead is not connected and XX connects it.
The carrot becomes eaten if the carrot is uneaten and XX eats it.
Table cover becomes the flat if table cover on table is folded and XX spreads table cover on table.
The sink becomes fixed if the sink is broken and XX repairs it.
Log according to requirement becomes in pieces if log according to requirement is who;e and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Bowtie pasta becomes eaten if bowtie pasta is uneaten and XX enjoys bowtie pasta.
Coke can becomes recycled if coke can is not recycled and XX recycles coke can.
Kitchen range becomes new if kitchen range is old and XX replaces kitchen range.
Coffee becomes gains if coffee is beans and XX makes it.
Weight bench becomes adjusted if weight bench is not adjusted and XX adjusts weight bench.
Coffee becomes the ground if coffee in coffee grinder is whole and XX grinds coffee in coffee grinder.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is unopened and XX opens it.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
Blackboard before use becomes clean if blackboard before use is dusty and XX erases blackboard before use.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
Candy bowl becomes full if candy bowl is empty and XX refills candy bowl.
First aid box becomes used if first aid box is unused and XX takes out first aid box.
Shower room becomes dry if shower room is damp and XX dries shower room.
Umbrella in closet becomes unused if umbrella in closet is used and XX places umbrella in closet.
The couch becomes fixed if the couch is broken and XX repairs it.
Tube of toothpaste becomes thrown away if tube of toothpaste is used and XX discards tube of toothpaste.
Washbasin with disinfectant becomes disinfected if washbasin with disinfectant is dirty and XX cleans washbasin with disinfectant.
Bathroom cabinet becomes clean if bathroom cabinet is dirty and XX cleans bathroom cabinet.
Baby bottle becomes full if baby bottle is empty and XX fills baby bottle.
Glass of beer in refrigerator becomes cold if glass of beer in refrigerator is warm and XX keeps glass of beer in refrigerator.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
Clothes become exposed if clothes are stored and XX takes out them.
Volume of music system becomes loud if volume of music system is soft and XX increases volume of music system.
Important data becomes revealed if important data is hidden and XX retrieves important data.
The cotton becomes used if the cotton is unused and XX uses it.
Cappuccino becomes made if cappuccino is not made and XX drinks cappuccino.
The house becomes locked if the house is unlocked and XX locks it.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
Carpets become clean if carpets are dirty and XX vacuums them.
Exhaust fan during cooking becomes on if exhaust fan during cooking is off and XX turns on exhaust fan during cooking.
Dinner table becomes filled with food if dinner is empty and XX serves it.
The ring becomes on one's finger if the ring is free and XX wears it.
Bottle of shampoo becomes empty if bottle of shampoo is full and XX uses bottle of shampoo.
Lawn chair before sitting becomes clean if lawn chair before sitting is dusty and XX dusts lawn chair before sitting.
The cell phone becomes not ringing if the cell phone is ringing and XX answers it.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes on if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is off and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
The bottle becomes recycled if the bottle is new and XX recycles it.
The buckle becomes fastened if the buckle is loose and XX ties it.
The piano becomes making music if the piano is not used and XX plays it.
Floor lamp becomes providing light if floor lamp is off and XX operates floor lamp.
Doors become locked if doors are unlocked and XX locks them.
The frying pan becomes greased and ready for use in cooking if the frying pan is ungreased and XX greases it.
Water becomes hot if water is cold and XX heats it.
The ball becomes bouncing if the ball is still and XX bounces it.
Small children becomes happy if small children is bored and XX entertains small children.
Exercise machine becomes used if exercise machine is unused and XX uses exercise machine.
The movie becomes played if the movie is unplayed and XX plays it.
Bowl of soup on dinner table becomes eaten if bowl of soup on dinner table is full and XX serves bowl of soup on dinner table.
Bottle of water in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of water in refrigerator is warm and XX cools bottle of water in refrigerator.
The bite becomes clean if bitten area is dirty and XX washes bitten area.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX washes pile of laundry.
Frozen meat becomes thawed out if frozen meat is frozen and XX microwaves frozen meat.
The tent becomes up if the tent is put away and XX puts up it.
Tiki god mask becomes vandalized if tiki god mask is untouched and XX colors tiki god mask.
The log becomes ashes if the log is fresh wood and XX burns it.
Computer joystick to play games becomes connected if computer joystick to play games is disconnected and XX connects computer joystick to play games.
Relatives become invited if relatives are not invited and XX invites them.
Bill becomes more charge if payment through credit card is less charge and XX makes payment through credit card.
The volume becomes low if the volume is high and XX turns down it.
The floppy disk becomes empty if the floppy disk is full of data and XX formats it.
Curio cabinet becomes organized if curio cabinet is disorganized and XX arranges curio cabinet.
The wedding cake becomes eaten if the wedding cake is uneaten and XX eats it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX washes it.
Food becomes covered if food is uncovered and XX covers it.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX hugs him.
Pepsi can becomes discarded if pepsi can is in use and XX throws away pepsi can.
The restaurant becomes busy if the restaurant is quiet and XX calls it.
Salt becomes used if salt is unused and XX adds it.
Serving knife before use becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
Food processor after use becomes clean if food processor after use is dirty and XX cleans food processor after use.
Cartoons become enjoyed if cartoons are unenjoyed and XX enjoys them.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Kitchen range becomes on if kitchen range is off and XX turns on kitchen range.
The human becomes entertained if the human is bored and XX entertains him.
The wedding ring becomes personalized if the wedding ring is unpersonal and XX engraves it.
The scrambled egg becomes the inside if the scrambled egg is outside and XX eats it.
The dice becomes on table if the dice is in hand and XX rolls it.
The toilet paper becomes disposed of if the toilet paper is being used and XX discards it.
Card table becomes tidy if card table is messy and XX tidies card table.
Helium balloon becomes secured if helium balloon tightly is loose and XX holds helium balloon tightly.
The papaya becomes eaten if the papaya is uneaten and XX eats it.
The golf ball becomes moving if the golf ball is still and XX hits it.
The t-shirt becomes worn if the t-shirt is unworn and XX wears it.
Room in hotel becomes unavailable if room in hotel is available and XX books room in hotel.
The compactor becomes empty if the compactor is full and XX empties it.
Toasted bread becomes chewed if toasted bread is whole and XX eats toasted bread.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is unpaid and XX pays him.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
Travel iron becomes packed if travel iron is unpacked and XX packs travel iron.
Lint trap becomes the safe if lint trap is dangerous and XX cleans lint trap.
The waffle becomes eaten if the waffle is whole and XX eats it.
The room becomes lit if bulb when the room is dark is unlit and XX lights bulb when the room is dark.
Dishes become the set if dishes are unset and XX sets them.
The t-shirt becomes worn if the t-shirt is unworn and XX wears it.
The mirror becomes cracked if the mirror is intact and XX cracks it.
Bathroom sink becomes dirty if bathroom sink is clean and XX uses bathroom sink.
Index cards become sorted if index cards are unsorted and XX sorts them.
Tv shows become on if tv shows are off and XX watches them.
The match becomes burning if the match is unlit and XX lights it.
The mat becomes clean if the mat is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Boxes become full if boxes are empty and XX fills them.
Wires of musical instruments becomes on key if wires of musical instruments is off key and XX tunes wires of musical instruments.
Sheets become folded if sheets are unfolded and XX folds them.
Dirty ashtray becomes emptied if dirty ashtray is full and XX empties dirty ashtray.
The vehicle becomes the car if the vehicle is the vehicle and XX drives it.
The CD PLAYER becomes empty if cd from the  cd player is occupied and XX ejects cd from the  cd player.
Iron frying pan becomes hot if iron frying pan is cold and XX heats iron frying pan.
Hairs become curly if hairs are straight and XX curls them.
The cap becomes worn if the cap is unworn and XX wears it.
Table before setting the table becomes clean if table before setting the table is dirty and XX cleans table before setting the table.
Coffee pot becomes full if coffee pot is empty and XX refills coffee pot.
The envelope becomes open if the envelope is sealed and XX opens it.
Fresh carrot before making salad becomes washed if fresh carrot before making salad is being unwashed and XX washes fresh carrot before making salad.
Can of corn becomes cooked if can of corn is uncooked and XX cooks can of corn.
The belt becomes open if the belt is closed and XX opens it.
The person becomes guarded if the person is unguarded and XX guards him.
The fly becomes squashed if the fly is buzzing and XX swats it.
Vegetables become the ground if vegetables are whole and XX grinds them.
Teeth become clean if teeth are dirty and XX brushes them.
Coke can becomes opened if coke can is unopened and XX opens coke can.
Ball thrown becomes caught if ball thrown is in the air and XX catches ball thrown.
Water becomes filtered if water is not filtered and XX filters it.
Folding table becomes unfolded if folding table is folded and XX unfolds folding table.
Pair of socks becomes worn if pair of socks is unworn and XX wears pair of socks.
Food becomes covered if food is exposed and XX covers it.
Family photo album becomes arranged if family photo album is unarranged and XX arranges family photo album.
The envelope becomes sent if the envelope is unsent and XX mails it.
Basket ball becomes more bouncy if basket ball is less bouncy and XX inflates basket ball.
Bathroom sink becomes wet if bathroom sink is dry and XX uses bathroom sink.
Sticky flap becomes sticky if sticky flap is dry and XX moistens sticky flap.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
The christmas tree becomes beautiful if the christmas tree is the plain and XX decorates it.
The leaf becomes broken if the leaf is fresh and XX presses it.
Ink cartridge becomes full if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
Door bell button becomes pushed if door bell button is unpushed and XX pushes door bell button.
Brakes become tightned if brakes are loose and XX tightens them.
Documents become duplicated if documents are unduplicated and XX photocopies them.
The dollar becomes spent if the dollar is saved and XX spends it.
Laundry hamper becomes empty if laundry hamper is full and XX empties laundry hamper.
Money from bank becomes in the pocket if money from bank is in the account and XX withdraws money from bank.
Conversation short becomes short if conversation short is long and XX keeps conversation short.
Broken necklace becomes repaired if broken necklace is broken and XX repairs broken necklace.
The muffin becomes eaten if the muffin is not eaten and XX eats it.
Grass becomes mowed if grass is unmowed and XX mows it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Oil lamp becomes lit if oil lamp is unlit and XX burns oil lamp.
Flowers become planted if flowers are in flats and XX plants them.
Table cover on table becomes the room if table cover on table is the room and XX spreads table cover on table.
Portable scale becomes accurate if portable scale is inaccurate and XX calibrates portable scale.
Lemonaid becomes in the stomach if lemonaid is in the glass and XX drinks lemonaid.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is soiled and XX cleans it.
Electric generator at the time of power failure becomes nothing if electric generator at the time of power failure is nothing and XX uses electric generator at the time of power failure.
Dishes become in the dishwasher if dishes in dishwasher is out of the dishwasher and XX puts dishes in dishwasher.
Dusting cloth becomes wet if dusting cloth is dry and XX wets dusting cloth.
Xmas tree becomes decorated if xmas tree is the plain and XX decorates xmas tree.
The cream becomes the face if the cream is the hand and XX applies it.
Hairs become curled if hairs are straightened and XX curls them.
Broken statue becomes fixed if broken statue is broken and XX repairs broken statue.
Drapes become closed if drapes are open and XX closes them.
Metal chain becomes oiled if metal chain is dry and XX lubricates metal chain.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dirty and XX dusts it.
Strawberry daiquiri becomes enjoyed if strawberry daiquiri is not enjoyed and XX drinks strawberry daiquiri.
The buckle becomes tied if the buckle is untied and XX ties it.
Wash basket becomes empty if wash basket is full and XX unloads wash basket.
The toilet paper becomes disposed of if the toilet paper is being used and XX discards it.
The burner becomes on if the burner is off and XX lights it.
Labels become printed if labels are blank and XX prints them.
The wall becomes clean if the wall is dirty and XX cleans it.
The dessert becomes being gone if the dessert is being available and XX eats it.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Spilled liquids becomes clean if spilled liquids is dirty and XX wipes up spilled liquids.
The memo becomes sent if the memo is unsent and XX sends it.
Wrinkles become not existing if wrinkles are existing and XX irons them.
The letter becomes mailed if the letter is unmailed and XX mails it.
The heat becomes off if the heat is on and XX turns off it.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
The bike becomes balanced if the bike is unbalanced and XX balances it.
Piece of wood becomes the cut if piece of wood according to requirement is uncut and XX cuts piece of wood according to requirement.
The cassette becomes played if the cassette is unplayed and XX plays it.
The tool becomes ready to use if the tool is in storage and XX retrieves it.
Broken necklace becomes fixed if broken necklace is broken and XX repairs broken necklace.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes plugged in if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is unplugged and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
Coat peg becomes installed in the wall if coat peg is in the garage and XX puts up coat peg.
Liquid from floor becomes cleaned if liquid from floor is uncleaned and XX cleans liquid from floor.
The board game becomes disposed if the board game is useful and XX throws away it.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX prepares it.
Framed picture on wall becomes hanged if framed picture on wall is unhung and XX hangs framed picture on wall.
Small children becomes entertained if small children is bored and XX entertains small children.
The house becomes locked if the house is unlocked and XX locks it.
The flashlight becomes on if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty clothes in laundry.
Desk fan becomes cleaner if desk fan is dirtier and XX cleans desk fan.
Dodgeball becomes caught if dodgeball is uncaught and XX catches dodgeball.
Paper-pad becomes stored if paper-pad is out and XX puts away paper-pad.
The dice becomes lying still if the dice is rolling and XX rolls it.
Garbage bin becomes close if garbage bin is open and XX closes garbage bin.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
Area becomes hot if the campfire is cold and XX lights it.
Stamp collection to friends becomes out if stamp collection to friends is put away and XX shows stamp collection to friends.
Coke to visitor becomes empty if coke to visitor is full and XX serves coke to visitor.
New diaper on the baby becomes new if new diaper on the baby is old and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
Plush animal becomes fluffy if plush animal is the flat and XX strokes plush animal.
The cigar becomes lit if the cigar is unlit and XX lights it.
Pajama bottom becomes worn if pajama bottom is not worn and XX wears pajama bottom.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX cleans them.
Pills become moving if pills are the stable and XX throws them.
The cat becomes fed if the cat is unfed and XX feeds it.
Clean clothes becomes smelly if clean clothes is fresh and XX wears clean clothes.
Pill medication becomes gone if pill medication is here and XX swallows pill medication.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is burning and XX extinguishes it.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are used and XX changes them.
The cream becomes on the skin if the cream is in the container and XX applies it.
Chain links becomes connected if chain links is unconnected and XX connects chain links.
Pen cap becomes tight if pen cap is loose and XX tightens pen cap.
The clock becomes fast if the clock is slow and XX rewinds it.
The kitchen becomes clean if the kitchen is dirty and XX disinfects it.
Headlines of the newspaper becomes read if headlines of the newspaper is unread and XX reads headlines of the newspaper.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
Note pad becomes moving if note pad is stationary and XX gets note pad.
Slippers become worn if slippers are unworn and XX wears them.
The rose becomes bloomed if the rose is growing and XX picks it.
The fishtank becomes full of water if the fishtank is empty and XX refills it.
The briefcase becomes loaded if the briefcase is unloaded and XX loads it.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is due and XX pays him.
The house becomes locked if the house is unlocked and XX locks it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes clean if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX cleans dishes in dishwasher.
The floor mat becomes dry if the floor mat is wet and XX dries it.
Bicycle tyre becomes inflated if bicycle tyre is the flat and XX inflates bicycle tyre.
Wine becomes the drunk if wine is new and XX uses it.
The exercise becomes practiced if the exercise is unperformed and XX does it.
The baby becomes happy if the baby is unhappy and XX calms him.
Pane of glass becomes clean if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
Weight bench becomes haevy if weight bench is light and XX adjusts weight bench.
Loaf of bread becomes baked if loaf of bread is unbaked and XX bakes loaf of bread.
Barbeque grill becomes hot if barbeque grill is cool and XX heats barbeque grill.
Diaper pail becomes clean if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
The ball becomes with me if ball back is with you and XX kicks ball back.
Shower room becomes dry if shower room is wet and XX dries out shower room.
Lint trap becomes the safe if lint trap is dangerous and XX cleans lint trap.
Dog dish to dog becomes empty if dog dish to dog is full and XX feeds dog dish to dog.
Shower rod becomes hung if shower rod is on the floor and XX re-attaches shower rod.
Book rack becomes organized if book rack is unorganized and XX organizes book rack.
Files become new if files are old and XX updates them.
The body becomes the firm if the exercise is flabby and XX does it.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full of dishes and XX unloads it.
Clean dishes becomes gone if clean dishes is there and XX puts away clean dishes.
Painting becomes straight if painting is crooked and XX straightens it.
The cassette becomes rolling if the cassette is idle and XX plays it.
The town becomes deserted if the town is occupied and XX evacuates it.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are drained and XX charges them.
Hoe in garage becomes stored if hoe in garage is not stored and XX stores hoe in garage.
Glass bottle becomes full if glass bottle is empty and XX fills glass bottle.
Bowl of crayons becomes neat if bowl of crayons is messy and XX arranges bowl of crayons.
The tank becomes full if the tank is empty and XX fills it.
The statue becomes fixed if the statue is broken and XX repairs it.
Bunch of roses to someone becomes given if bunch of roses to someone is the gift and XX presents bunch of roses to someone.
Necklace in safe becomes the safe if necklace in safe is unsafe and XX keeps necklace in safe.
Lighting becomes increased if lighting is normal and XX increases it.
Piece of clothing becomes clean if piece of clothing is dirty and XX washes piece of clothing.
The friend becomes the friend if the friend is the friend and XX greets him.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
The hair becomes brushed if the hair is tangled and XX brushes it.
Lettuce head becomes eaten if lettuce head is uneaten and XX eats lettuce head.
The trash becomes disposed of if the trash is littered and XX throws away it.
The dollar becomes gone if the dollar is yours and XX spends it.
Pair of hiking boots becomes in use if pair of hiking boots is unused and XX wears pair of hiking boots.
Computer desk becomes clean if computer desk is messy and XX cleans computer desk.
An object becomes clean if an object is dusty and XX dusts an object.
The password becomes the right if the password is wrong and XX changes it.
The clipboard becomes used if the clipboard is unused and XX uses it.
The body becomes clean if the body is dirty and XX washes it.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
The game becomes seen if the game is unseen and XX sees it.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
Bathroom sink becomes clean, if bathroom sink is dirty and XX cleans up bathroom sink.
The floor becomes neat if the floor is messy and XX wipes it.
Dog bone becomes chased if dog bone is dogbone and XX takes away dog bone.
The kite becomes in the air if the kite is on the ground and XX flies it.
Area becomes clear if area is occupied and XX evacuates it.
Insect out of the room becomes out of the room if insect out of the room is in the room and XX gets insect out of the room.
Stationary becomes bought if stationary is unbought and XX buys stationary.
Stories of past events becomes told if stories of past events is untold and XX tells stories of past events.
The computer software becomes installed if the computer software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Garbage from the garbage can becomes out of the can if garbage from the garbage can is in the can and XX disposes garbage from the garbage can.
Payment through credit card becomes paid if payment through credit card is unpaid and XX makes payment through credit card.
The back pack becomes on one's back if the back pack is on the ground and XX carries it.
Bathroom shower becomes operated if bathroom shower is not operated and XX operates bathroom shower.
Can of corn becomes cooked if can of corn is uncooked and XX cooks can of corn.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
Bone for dogs becomes chew toy if bone for dogs is a bone and XX gets bone for dogs.
Coffee becomes served if coffee to person is unserved and XX serves coffee to person.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX fills conditioner bottle.
The bee becomes dead if the bee is alive and XX kills it.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX pushes it.
Piece of bread becomes dirty if piece of bread is clean and XX throws away piece of bread.
Doors become locked if doors are unlocked and XX locks them.
Water becomes solid if ice is liquid and XX freezes it.
The person becomes warm if winter coat in winter is cold and XX wears winter coat in winter.
The parcel becomes opened if the parcel is unopened and XX opens it.
Menu item becomes selected if menu item is unselected and XX selects menu item.
Portable heater becomes cool if portable heater is hot and XX turns down portable heater.
Pint of beer becomes consumed if pint of beer is foaming in the mug and XX drinks pint of beer.
Milk becomes in one's stomach if milk is in the glass and XX drinks it.
Washbasin becomes clean if washbasin is dirty and XX wipes washbasin.
Hand of baby becomes clean if hand of baby is dirty and XX cleans hand of baby.
Warm clothes becomes worn if warm clothes is unworn and XX wears warm clothes.
The mirror becomes disposed of if the mirror is used and XX throws away it.
Toxic materials away from the children becomes the safe if toxic materials away from the children is dangerous and XX keeps toxic materials away from the children.
The rodent becomes dead if the rodent is alive and XX kills it.
Papers become organized if papers are unorganized and XX arranges them.
The hair dryer becomes unplugged if the hair dryer is plugged in and XX unplugs it.
Pot holder becomes painted if pot holder is unpainted and XX paints pot holder.
The underwear becomes worn if underwear first is unworn and XX dons underwear first.
Clipboard with paper becomes attached if clipboard with paper is unattached and XX attaches clipboard with paper.
Can of corn becomes cooked if can of corn is uncooked and XX cooks can of corn.
Dog biscuit to the pet dog becomes gone if dog biscuit to the pet dog is there and XX feeds dog biscuit to the pet dog.
The address becomes known if the address is unknown and XX searches it.
The number becomes ringing if the number is the dial tone and XX dials it.
Bill becomes being paid if Bill is being unpaid and XX pays him.
Curling iron after use becomes cold if curling iron after use is hot and XX turns off curling iron after use.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
The perfume becomes in the air if the perfume is in the bottle and XX puts on it.
Parcel with the stamp affixed to it becomes mailed if parcel with the stamp affixed to it is unmailed and XX mails parcel with the stamp affixed to it.
Nails become clipped if nails are uncliped and XX clips them.
The lace becomes knotted if the lace is dangling and XX ties it.
The child becomes cared for if the child is uncared for and XX takes care of him.
Ice bucket becomes full if ice bucket is empty and XX refills ice bucket.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
Opponent with the ball becomes being hit if opponent with the ball is not being hit and XX hits opponent with the ball.
Leaves become gone if leaves are abundant and XX removes them.
The raincoat becomes worn if the raincoat is unworn and XX wears it.
Carton of milk in pan becomes poured if carton of milk in pan is unpoured and XX pours carton of milk in pan.
The seat belt becomes fastened if the seat belt is unfastened and XX fastens it.
The letter becomes posted if the letter is unposted and XX posts it.
The drape becomes dry if the drape is wet and XX dries it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
The bulletin board becomes updated if the bulletin board is old and XX updates it.
The cushion becomes clean if the cushion is dirty and XX washes it.
Halogen desk lamp becomes hot if halogen desk lamp is cool and XX uses halogen desk lamp.
Spaghetti becomes eaten if spaghetti is uneaten and XX eats it.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
The fertilizer becomes being on the plants if fertilizer on plants is being in the bag and XX spreads fertilizer on plants.
The flame becomes extinguished if the flame is active and XX extinguishes it.
Chalk board becomes cleaned if chalk board is covered in chalk and XX erases chalk board.
Toys to children for playing becomes given if toys to children for playing is not given and XX gives toys to children for playing.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
The sheep becomes counted if the sheep is uncounted and XX counts it.
Hiking boots become clean if hiking boots are muddy and XX cleans them.
Roll of duct tape becomes used if roll of duct tape is ready to use and XX uses roll of duct tape.
The air conditioner becomes on if the air conditioner is off and XX turns on it.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
The oil painting becomes on display if the oil painting is stored away and XX hangs it.
Player piano to play a music becomes being operated if player piano to play a music is not being operated and XX operates player piano to play a music.
Bundle of yarn becomes handled if bundle of yarn with care is unhandled and XX handles bundle of yarn with care.
Lid of ice box becomes open if lid of ice box is closed and XX opens lid of ice box.
Cold drink becomes icy if cold drink is cold and XX chills cold drink.
Basketball before starting game becomes the firm if basketball before starting game is the flat and XX inflates basketball before starting game.
The silverware becomes tarnished if the silverware is clean and XX stores it.
Plant watering system becomes installed if plant watering system is not installed and XX installs plant watering system.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX cleans dirty clothes in laundry.
Folding table becomes unfolded if folding table is folded up and XX unfolds folding table.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
Music becomes silent if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Important files becomes copied if important files is uncopied and XX copies important files.
Basketball becomes mid-air if basketball is held and XX tosses it.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is unturned and XX turns door handle.
The skirt becomes appreciated if the skirt is unnoticed and XX admires it.
Ac becomes off if ac is on and XX turns off ac.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX cooks it.
The napkin becomes clean if the napkin is dirty and XX washes it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Bottle of beer becomes open if bottle of beer is unopened and XX opens bottle of beer.
Computer monitor becomes off if computer monitor is on and XX turns off computer monitor.
The bride becomes seen if the bride is unseen and XX admires her.
The reference book becomes close if the reference book is open and XX consults it.
The puncture becomes closed if the puncture is open and XX repairs it.
Pair of mittens becomes repaired if pair of mittens is torn and XX darns pair of mittens.
Lid on the carton becomes closed if lid on the carton is open and XX closes lid on the carton.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
The table becomes covered if table cloth on the table is naked and XX spreads table cloth on the table.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
Ice becomes broken if ice is whole and XX crushes it.
The sink becomes empty if the sink is full and XX empties it.
Kiwi fruit becomes masticated if kiwi fruit is whole and XX eats kiwi fruit.
The tuxedo becomes worn if the tuxedo is unworn and XX wears it.
Wallpaper on wall becomes on the wall if wallpaper on wall is on the roll and XX pastes wallpaper on wall.
The connection becomes on if cable modem is disrupted and XX reboots cable modem.
The body spray becomes on the person if the body spray is in the can and XX uses it.
Plates become organized if plates are disorganized and XX arranges them.
The christmas tree becomes decorated if the christmas tree is the plain and XX decorates it.
The tuxedo becomes wrinkled if the tuxedo is pressed and XX wears it.
The dice becomes seven if the dice is two and XX rolls it.
Bottle of beer becomes open if bottle of beer is closed and XX opens bottle of beer.
The phone becomes charged if the phone is uncharged and XX recharges it.
The lawn becomes green if the lawn is yellow and XX waters it.
Piece of clothing becomes made if piece of clothing is the fabric and XX sews piece of clothing.
The trumpet becomes music if the trumpet is quiet and XX hears it.
Connections properly becomes connected if connections properly is unconnected and XX establishes connections properly.
Mail becomes opened if mail is unopen and XX opens it.
Carton of eggs becomes empty if carton of eggs is full and XX consumes carton of eggs.
Water becomes hot if water is cold and XX heats it.
The personal computer becomes new if the personal computer is old and XX upgrades it.
The orange becomes peeled if the orange is whole and XX peels it.
Table before setting the table becomes presentable if table before setting the table is sprinkled with crumbs and XX cleans table before setting the table.
The voltage becomes consisten if electric voltage is erratic and XX regulates electric voltage.
The child becomes taken care of if the child is not taken care of and XX takes care of him.
Elastic band becomes tight if elastic band is loose and XX tightens elastic band.
Jewelry becomes worn if jewelry is unworn and XX wears it.
Hair dresser machine becomes being used if hair dresser machine is not being used and XX uses hair dresser machine.
Nail file becomes sharp if nail file is dull and XX sharpens nail file.
Flowers become picked if flowers are not picked and XX enjoys them.
Blocks become assembled if blocks are unassembled and XX assembles them.
Pizza becomes eaten if pizza is available and XX takes it.
Bottle of conditioner becomes being trash if bottle of conditioner is being useful and XX throws away bottle of conditioner.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dusty and XX dusts it.
Curtains become high if curtains are low and XX raises them.
Lint trap becomes clean if lint trap is dirty and XX cleans lint trap.
The fan becomes off if the fan is on and XX shuts off it.
Affected area becomes clean if affected area is dirty and XX washes affected area.
The swimsuit becomes worn if the swimsuit is unworn and XX wears it.
The helmet becomes worn if the helmet is unworn and XX wears it.
Bathroom shower becomes operated if bathroom shower is not operated and XX operates bathroom shower.
The file becomes closed if the file is open and XX closes it.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Jar of peanut butter becomes closed if jar of peanut butter is open and XX closes jar of peanut butter.
The junk becomes disappeared if the junk is the present and XX removes it.
Storage box in garage becomes stored if storage box in garage is unstored and XX stores storage box in garage.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is not turned and XX turns door handle.
Oil lamp becomes lit if oil lamp is not lit and XX burns oil lamp.
The scorpion becomes the location if the scorpion is the location and XX avoids it.
The trip becomes cancelled if the trip is pending and XX cancels it.
Deck of cards becomes stacked if deck of cards is random and XX arranges deck of cards.
Raincoat in closet becomes put away if raincoat in closet is not put away and XX hangs raincoat in closet.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
The edge becomes protected if the edge is unprotected and XX protects it.
Banana peel in the trash bin becomes black if banana peel in the trash bin is yellow and XX disposes banana peel in the trash bin.
Torn clothes becomes mended if torn clothes is torn and XX sews torn clothes.
Table saw becomes sharp if table saw is blunt and XX sharpens table saw.
Diaper bag becomes sealed if diaper bag is open and XX zips diaper bag.
The trash receptacle becomes emptied if the trash receptacle is full and XX empties it.
Broken glass becomes swept if broken glass is unswept and XX sweeps broken glass.
On button of vcr becomes fixed if on button of vcr is broken and XX fixes on button of vcr.
Cup of coffee becomes empty if cup of coffee is full and XX drinks cup of coffee.
Lead of pencil becomes refilled if lead of pencil is low and XX checks lead of pencil.
The flashlight becomes off if the flashlight is on and XX turns off it.
The manager becomes the present if the manager is not present and XX calls him.
The ball becomes stopped if the ball is moving and XX stops it.
Kegs become sold if kegs are in the store and XX buys them.
The person becomes hugged if the person is not hugged and XX hugs him.
The book becomes selected if the book is stored and XX selects it.
The pool becomes clean if the pool is dirty and XX cleans it.
Basket ball becomes inflated if basket ball is the flat and XX inflates basket ball.
Gift box becomes the wrap if gift box is unwrapped and XX wraps gift box.
The document becomes out of the file if the document is in the file and XX retrieves it.
The notebook becomes the page if the notebook is the page and XX makes it.
Wedge of cheese becomes eaten if wedge of cheese is nice and XX eats wedge of cheese.
Box of detergent becomes thrown out if box of detergent is empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
The reception desk becomes clean if the reception desk is dirty and XX cleans it.
The song becomes the melody if the song is the thought and XX sings it.
Sealing tape becomes used if sealing tape is unused and XX applies sealing tape.
The cellphone becomes on if the cellphone is off and XX turns on it.
Pants before wearing becomes ironed if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
Firealarm becomes reported if firealarm is unreported and XX reports firealarm.
Piece of bread becomes in air if piece of bread is in hand and XX throws away piece of bread.
The presentation becomes made if the presentation is unmade and XX makes it.
The eye becomes red if the eye is white and XX rubs it.
The accordion becomes noisy if the accordion is silent and XX plays it.
Floors become clean if floors are dirty and XX washes them.
The lamp becomes dim if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
The bag becomes repaired if the bag is ripped and XX stitches it.
The computer software becomes installed if the computer software is not installed and XX installs it.
The bunny becomes seen if the bunny is unseen and XX watches it.
Bulb of halogen desk lamp becomes plugged in to a lamp if bulb of halogen desk lamp is not plugged in to a lamp and XX replaces bulb of halogen desk lamp.
Glass of orange juice becomes empty if glass of orange juice is full and XX drinks glass of orange juice.
Recycle bin becomes empty if recycle bin is full and XX empties recycle bin.
Cabinets become locked if cabinets are unlocked and XX locks them.
The cake becomes consumed if the cake is uneaten and XX eats it.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
Gun before giving to children becomes safe for children if gun before giving to children is unsafe and XX unloads gun before giving to children.
Gas becomes flled if gas is untilled and XX fills it.
The saddle becomes made if the saddle is sat in and XX stitches it.
The ball becomes not moving if the ball is moving and XX stops it.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
The presentation becomes prepared if the presentation is unprepared and XX prepares it.
The calculator becomes used if the calculator is unused and XX uses it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX cleans it.
The menu becomes read if the menu is unread and XX consults it.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
Index cards become in order if index cards are out of order and XX sorts them.
The papaya becomes eaten if the papaya is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
Foler becomes open if folder to pick out papers is closed and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX vacuums it.
Satellite receiver becomes installed if satellite receiver is in a box and XX installs satellite receiver.
The coconut becomes eaten if the coconut is uneaten and XX breaks open it.
The bowl becomes empty if bowl of strawberries is full and XX consumes bowl of strawberries.
Game pad becomes in use if game pad is idle and XX uses game pad.
Eyeglasses become on the nose if eyeglasses are in the case and XX wears them.
The address becomes updated if the address is incorrect and XX updates it.
The garden becomes not having any weeds if the garden is full of weeds and XX weeds it.
The ball becomes caught if the ball is thrown and XX catches it.
The suitcase becomes full if the suitcase is empty and XX packs it.
Spilled area becomes clean if the spill is dirty and XX cleans it.
The person becomes in a group if the person is alone and XX guards him.
The folding chair becomes open if the folding chair is closed and XX pries open it.
Photographs become processed if photographs are not processed and XX processes them.
The Internet becomes accessed if it is unaccessed and XX accesses it.
The perfume becomes used if the perfume is unused and XX uses it.
The candle becomes lit if the candle is unlit and XX lights it.
The washing machine becomes empty if the washing machine is fill and XX unloads it.
Pair of sunglasses becomes worn if pair of sunglasses is unused and XX puts on pair of sunglasses.
The camera becomes straight if camera tripod is angled and XX levels camera tripod.
Nail paint becomes on the nails if nail paint is in the bottle and XX applies nail paint.
Roses become smelled if roses are the virgin and XX smells them.
The postage becomes on the envelope if the postage is in the book and XX affixes it.
The slide projector becomes clear if the slide projector is fuzzy and XX focuses it.
The stain becomes gone if the stain is the present and XX removes it.
The garlic becomes the energy if the garlic is food and XX consumes it.
Painting becomes straight if painting is crooked and XX straightens it.
The text becomes read if the text is unread and XX reads it.
The hanger becomes straight if the hanger is crooked and XX straightens it.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
The message becomes delivered if the message is undelivered and XX delivers it.
The baby becomes satisfied if the baby is hungry and XX nurses him.
Names of the visitors becomes registered if names of visitors is unregistered and XX records names of visitors.
Cocktail glass becomes empty if the cocktail is full and XX drinks it.
Papers in paper tray becomes in if papers in paper tray is in and XX keeps papers in paper tray.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
Oriental rug becomes clean if oriental rug is dirty and XX vacuums oriental rug.
Bundle of yarn becomes untangled if bundle of yarn is tangled and XX untangles bundle of yarn.
Memories become in active memory if memories are possibly forgotten and XX retells them.
Bicycle tyre becomes inflated if bicycle tyre is uninflated and XX inflates bicycle tyre.
Spelling mistakes before sending becomes known and fixed if spelling mistakes before sending is unknown and XX corrects spelling mistakes before sending.
Identity of visitor becomes known if identity of visitor is unknown and XX checks identity of visitor.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
The flashlight becomes off if the flashlight is on and XX uses it.
The blackboard becomes clean if the blackboard is unclean and XX wipes it.
Printing cartridge becomes replaced if printing cartridge is unreplaced and XX replaces printing cartridge.
The sack becomes full if the sack is empty and XX fills it.
Brakes become in use if brakes are unused and XX applies them.
Tasty choclate becomes eaten if tasty choclate is uneaten and XX eats tasty choclate.
The stuffed animal becomes cleaned if the stuffed animal is dirty and XX washes it.
Plant watering system becomes installed if plant watering system is uninstalled and XX installs plant watering system.
Boxes become full if boxes are empty and XX fills them.
White board becomes blank if white board is full of writing and XX wipes off white board.
Frosted cake becomes digested if frosted cake is untouched and XX eats frosted cake.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is whole and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
The heat becomes off if the heat is on and XX turns off it.
Lint trap becomes clear if lint trap is full and XX empties lint trap.
Hand vacuum cleaner becomes powered if hand vacuum cleaner is not powered and XX recharges hand vacuum cleaner.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
Coat peg becomes full if coat peg is empty and XX puts up coat peg.
The screw becomes tight if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
The can becomes useful if the can is the waste and XX recycles it.
Golf bag becomes picked up if golf bag is on the floor and XX picks up golf bag.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
Soup becomes in a stomach if soup is in a bowl and XX drinks it.
Skate board becomes ridden if skate board is unused and XX rides skate board.
Files become ordered if files are unordered and XX archives them.
Bowtie pasta becomes eaten if bowtie pasta is uneaten and XX eats bowtie pasta.
The task becomes forgotten if the task is known and XX forgets it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX cleans pile of laundry.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
The infant becomes satisfied if the infant is hungry and XX feeds him.
Slippers become worn if slippers are unused and XX wears them.
The fan becomes off if the fan is on and XX shuts off it.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX washes pile of laundry.
Bike lock becomes being used and locked if bike lock is being used and unlocked and XX locks bike lock.
The bike becomes in motion if the bike is still and XX rides it.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Wheel chair becomes unused if wheel chair is used and XX pushes wheel chair.
The trumpet becomes soft if the trumpet is loud and XX blows it.
Cable modem becomes on if cable modem is off and XX reboots cable modem.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes ready to start if dishes in dishwasher is empty and XX loads dishes in dishwasher.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
Power button becomes on if power button is off and XX presses power button.
Hand tray becomes empty if hand tray is full and XX empties hand tray.
The mint becomes eaten if mint after eating onion is uneaten and XX eats mint after eating onion.
Garbage in trash can becomes taken out if garbage in trash can is in trash can and XX empties garbage in trash can.
Grocery list becomes checked off if groceries are full and XX picks them.
The stuffed animal becomes clean if the stuffed animal is dirty and XX washes it.
Painting becomes hung if painting is not hung and XX hangs it.
The infant becomes satisfied if the infant is hungry and XX feeds him.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Pasta becomes eaten if pasta is not eaten and XX eats it.
The phone becomes answered if the phone is unanswered and XX answers it.
The gift becomes well packaged if gift with sheet of paper is loose and XX packs gift with sheet of paper.
Garbage becomes empty if garbage is full and XX empties it.
Slice of bread becomes swallowed if slice of bread is uneated and XX eats slice of bread.
The person becomes entertained if the person is bored and XX entertains him.
Power battery becomes recharged if power battery is dead and XX recharges power battery.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
The match becomes lit if the match is unlit and XX lights it.
The album becomes full if photographs in album is empty and XX puts photographs in album.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
Garbage in trash can becomes empty if garbage in trash can is full and XX empties garbage in trash can.
Food dish becomes in the garbage if food dish is on the table and XX disposes food dish.
The commode becomes clean if the commode is dirty and XX cleans it.
Swiss cheese becomes gone if swiss cheese is there and XX eats swiss cheese.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
Keys become not being lost if keys are being lost and XX finds them.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
Donuts become eaten if donuts are available and XX eats them.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX washes them.
Glass of orange juice becomes empty and drunk if glass of orange juice is filled and XX drinks glass of orange juice.
The television set becomes on if the television set is off and XX watches it.
Water becomes clean if water is dirty and XX filters it.
Volume control becomes raised if volume control is lowered and XX raises volume control.
The soil becomes damp if the soil is dry and XX waters it.
The dustbin becomes full if scrap in dustbin is empty and XX throws scrap in dustbin.
Vino becomes aged if vino is immature and XX ages vino.
The movie becomes watched if the movie is unwatched and XX enjoys it.
Blunt pencil becomes sharp if blunt pencil is round and XX sharpens blunt pencil.
Contact lenses become healthy if contact lenses with wet tissue is unhealthy and XX wipes contact lenses with wet tissue.
Important document becomes scanned if important document is not scanned and XX scans important document.
The document becomes saved if the document is unsaved and XX saves it.
The letter becomes stamped if the letter is unstamped and XX stamps it.
Hairs become clean if hairs are dirty and XX washes them.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX cleans it.
Umbrella on rainy days becomes wet if umbrella on rainy days is dry and XX uses umbrella on rainy days.
Drink in the glass becomes empty if drink in the glass is full and XX pours drink in the glass.
Fishes of aquarium becomes fed if fishes of aquarium is hungry and XX feeds fishes of aquarium.
The cradle becomes occupied if the cradle is empty and XX uses it.
Wheel chair becomes moving if wheel chair is stationary and XX pushes wheel chair.
Grapes become squashed if grapes are ripe and XX squashes them.
Keys become found if keys are lost and XX finds them.
Coffee mug becomes full if coffee mug is empty and XX fills coffee mug.
The plum becomes eaten if the plum is uneaten and XX eats it.
Doors become locked if doors are unlocked and XX locks them.
Matches in match box becomes full if matches in match box is empty and XX fills matches in match box.
The magazine becomes read if the magazine is unread and XX reads it.
Music becomes quieter if music is louder and XX lowers it.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
Grass becomes tidy if grass is unkempt and XX mows it.
Fake flower becomes dusted if fake flower is undusted and XX dusts fake flower.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
The DVD becomes sold if the DVD is unsold and XX buys it.
The shower becomes used if the shower is not used and XX takes it.
Hot coffee becomes internal if hot coffee is external and XX drinks hot coffee.
Carton of eggs becomes empty if carton of eggs is full and XX consumes carton of eggs.
Broken frame becomes fixed if broken frame is broken and XX repairs broken frame.
The back pack becomes being carried if the back pack is laying around and XX carries it.
Long jump rope becomes tidy if long jump rope is unwound and XX winds up long jump rope.
Wine bottle becomes opened if wine bottle is unopened and XX opens wine bottle.
Chinese checkers board becomes in use if chinese checkers board is collecting dust and XX plays chinese checkers board.
Platter before use becomes cleaner if platter before use is clean and XX washes platter before use.
Sandals become worn if sandals are unworn and XX wears them.
The television becomes having good reception if the television is having bad reception and XX tunes it.
The teddy bear becomes squeezed if the teddy bear is untouched and XX cuddles it.
Meat becomes masticated mush if the burger is the ground beef and XX eats it.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
The easel becomes dry if the easel is wet and XX dries it.
Fire sprinkler becomes clean if fire sprinkler is dirty and XX cleans fire sprinkler.
Curling iron after use becomes off if curling iron after use is on and XX turns off curling iron after use.
The soccer ball becomes far away if the soccer ball is close and XX kicks it.
Important files becomes duplicated if important files is the single and XX copies important files.
The stamp pad becomes wet if the stamp pad is dry and XX wets it.
Frozen dinner becomes hot if frozen dinner is cold and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
Tools become organized if tools are messy and XX gathers them.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
The heater becomes hot if the heater is cold and XX turns off it.
Bag of corn chips becomes empty if bag of corn chips is full and XX consumes bag of corn chips.
The baby becomes placid if the baby is perturbed and XX calms him.
Hot iron before it burns anything becomes off if hot iron before it burns anything is on and XX turns off hot iron before it burns anything.
Creases become smooth if creases are creased and XX irons out them.
Jam becomes eaten if jam is uneaten and XX consumes it.
Car keys becomes sought if car keys is lost and XX finds car keys.
Police become informed if police are uninformed and XX informs them.
Pair of sandals becomes thrown away if pair of sandals is used and XX disposes of pair of sandals.
The book becomes selected if the book is unselected and XX selects it.
Child's toy becomes clean if child's toy is dirty and XX cleans child's toy.
The dining table becomes exciting if the dining table is bland and XX decorates it.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
The banana peel becomes near if the banana peel is far and XX picks up it.
The bathtub becomes filled if the bathtub is empty and XX fills it.
Lead of pencil before marking becomes sharp if lead of pencil before marking is dull and XX sharpens lead of pencil before marking.
The bracelet becomes purchased if the bracelet is unowned and XX buys it.
Spool of thread becomes unrolled if spool of thread is rolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The notepad becomes used if the notepad is unused and XX gets it.
Time clock becomes the set if time clock is unset and XX sets time clock.
Coffee becomes hot or warm if coffee is cool or cold and XX warms it.
The banana peel becomes in the hand if the banana peel is on the floor and XX picks up it.
The message becomes delivered if the message is undelivered and XX delivers it.
Nails become short if nails are long and XX cuts them.
The match becomes watched if the match is unwatched and XX watches it.
Bouncing ball becomes bouncing if bouncing ball is idle and XX throws bouncing ball.
Contact lenses with wet tissue becomes wet if contact lenses with wet tissue is dry and XX wipes contact lenses with wet tissue.
The photograph becomes developed if the photograph is undeveloped and XX develops it.
Enteries of ledger becomes confirmed if enteries of ledger is unchecked and XX checks enteries of ledger.
The lightbulb becomes new if the lightbulb is old and XX replaces it.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
The scanner becomes on if the scanner is off and XX turns on it.
Fresh meat becomes grilled if fresh meat is raw and XX cooks fresh meat.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Mail becomes posted if mail is unposted and XX posts it.
The vegetable becomes eaten if the vegetable is untouched and XX eats it.
The gutter becomes clean if the gutter is dirty and XX clears it.
The comforter becomes soiled if the comforter is clean and XX uses it.
Spaghetti becomes cooked if spaghetti is uncooked and XX cooks it.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX empties it.
Tv shows become on if tv shows are off and XX watches them.
Pot of coffee becomes clean if pot of coffee is dirty and XX cleans pot of coffee.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The band aid becomes used if the band aid is new and XX applies it.
Side dish becomes no side dish if side dish is side dish and XX eats side dish.
Soft-drink can becomes in a recycling bin if soft-drink can is in your hand and XX recycles soft-drink can.
The bracelet becomes sold if the bracelet is on sale and XX buys it.
Post-it note becomes being read if post-it note is not being read and XX reads post-it note.
The knob becomes off if the knob is on and XX turns off it.
Bathroom cabinet becomes nice and clean if bathroom cabinet is very dirty and XX cleans bathroom cabinet.
Affected area becomes thoroughly clean if affected area is prone to infections and XX washes affected area.
The envelope becomes mailed if the envelope is unmailed and XX mails it.
Time becomes watched if time is unwatched and XX watches it.
The garbage disposal becomes empty if the garbage disposal is its state before it was emptied and XX empties it.
Hot grill becomes hot if hot grill is cold and XX touches hot grill.
Bar of soap becomes handled if bar of soap is unhandled and XX picks up bar of soap.
The wall becomes filled if oil painting on the wall is empty and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
Coffee pot becomes clean if coffee pot is dirty and XX cleans coffee pot.
The seasoning becomes used if the seasoning is unused and XX uses it.
Menu item becomes selected if menu item is unselected and XX selects menu item.
Clothes become hung if clothes are not hung and XX hangs them.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is soiled and XX cleans it.
Joystick to play games becomes used if joystick to play games is unused and XX uses joystick to play games.
The lace becomes done if the lace is undone and XX ties it.
Cappuccino becomes the drunk if cappuccino is not drunk and XX drinks cappuccino.
Diamond jewelery becomes used if diamond jewelery is new and XX wears diamond jewelery.
The waffle becomes eaten if the waffle is uneaten and XX eats it.
The radiator becomes cold if the radiator is hot and XX cools it.
The heat becomes turned off if the heat is turned on and XX turns off it.
Projection screen becomes on if projection screen is off and XX unrolls projection screen.
Long jump rope becomes collapsed if long jump rope is extended and XX winds up long jump rope.
Owner's tastes becomes known if owner's tastes is unknown and XX knows owner's tastes.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
The bin becomes empty if the bin is full and XX empties it.
The pet becomes clean if the pet is dirty and XX washes it.
Child's toy becomes cleaned if child's toy is uncleaned and XX cleans child's toy.
Fork on left hand side becomes placed if fork on left hand side is unplaced and XX places fork on left hand side.
The gutter becomes gutters if the gutter is the gutter and XX cleans it.
The person becomes happy if the birthday is normal and XX celebrates it.
Boot rack becomes the orderly if boot rack is chaotic and XX organizes boot rack.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX cleans it.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
Plate in kitchen sink becomes being in the sink if plate in kitchen sink is being on the table and XX puts plate in kitchen sink.
The garbage disposal becomes empty if the garbage disposal is its state before it was emptied and XX empties it.
The overcoat becomes on a person if the overcoat is in the closet and XX wears it.
Grass catcher becomes empty if grass catcher is full and XX empties grass catcher.
The jukebox becomes loud if the jukebox is silent and XX plays it.
Boxing bag becomes suspended if boxing bag is not suspended and XX hangs boxing bag.
The bedsheet becomes clean if the bedsheet is dirty and XX washes it.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
Hot tea becomes in one's stomach if hot tea is in a mug and XX drinks hot tea.
The face becomes hidden if the mask is visible and XX wears it.
Lights become off if lights are on and XX turns off them.
The doctor becomes informed if the doctor is uninformed and XX contacts him.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
Broken glass bottle becomes nowhere if broken glass bottle is everywhere and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
The racket becomes fixed if the racket is broken and XX strings it.
Ball thrown becomes thrown if ball thrown is not thrown and XX catches ball thrown.
The child becomes disciplined if the child is naughty and XX disciplines him.
The flashlight becomes light if the flashlight is dark and XX turns on it.
Safety pads becomes worn if safety pads is unworn and XX wears safety pads.
Load of laundry in the laundry basket becomes clean if load of laundry in the laundry basket is dirty and XX washes load of laundry in the laundry basket.
Tv shows become on if tv shows are off and XX watches them.
The tie becomes smooth if the tie is rough and XX irons it.
The car becomes directed if the car is undirected and XX steers it.
Pen cap becomes tight if pen cap is loose and XX tightens pen cap.
Pair of boots before wearing becomes Polished if pair of boots before wearing is dull and XX Polishes pair of boots before wearing.
The leash becomes tightened if the leash is untightened and XX tightens it.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
The flame becomes lit if the flame is unlit and XX lights it.
The hearth becomes hot if the hearth is cold and XX warms it.
Food becomes more salty if salt is less salty and XX adds it.
Table cover on table becomes the spread if table cover on table is folded and XX spreads table cover on table.
Pair of hiking boots becomes used if pair of hiking boots is unused and XX wears pair of hiking boots.
The envelope becomes closed if the envelope is open and XX seals it.
Portable scale becomes tared if portable scale is being unzeroed and XX calibrates portable scale.
The floor becomes wet if the floor is dry and XX mops it.
Steam cooker from cooking gas becomes off the stove if steam cooker from cooking gas is on the stove and XX removes steam cooker from cooking gas.
The videocassette becomes rewound if the videocassette is at the end and XX rewinds it.
Dog treat becomes purchased if dog treat is for sale and XX buys dog treat.
Boxes become stacked if boxes one upon another is unstacked and XX puts boxes one upon another.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The ball becomes ready for play if dodgeball is deflated and XX inflates dodgeball.
Scrap in dustbin becomes full if scrap in dustbin is empty and XX throws scrap in dustbin.
Boxes in garage becomes there if boxes in garage is not there and XX puts boxes in garage.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
Body's odour becomes the offensive if the garlic is normal and XX consumes it.
The motorcycle becomes driven if the motorcycle is undriven and XX drives it.
The volume becomes softer if the volume is loud and XX turns down it.
Pair of contacts becomes on the eyeball if pair of contacts is in the case and XX wears pair of contacts.
Bongo becomes played if bongo is unplayed and XX plays bongo.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX warms up it.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
The mop becomes wet if the mop is dry and XX wets it.
The task becomes undone if the task is undone and XX forgets it.
Cigarettes become out if cigarettes are lit and XX extinguishes them.
Water in pot becomes full if water in pot is empty and XX pours water in pot.
The rose becomes large if rose pot everyday is small and XX waters rose pot everyday.
Serving knife before use becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
The envelope becomes opened if the envelope is closed and XX opens it.
Source of water becomes off if source of water is on and XX turns off source of water.
Aparatus becomes examined if aparatus is unexamined and XX examines aparatus.
Floppy into the floppy drive becomes inserted if floppy into the floppy drive is uninserted and XX inserts floppy into the floppy drive.
Player piano becomes operated if player piano to play a music is not operated and XX operates player piano to play a music.
Lettuce head becomes chopped if lettuce head is unchopped and XX chops lettuce head.
The baby becomes found if the baby is missing and XX finds him.
Air conditioning duct becomes working if air conditioning duct is broken and XX repairs air conditioning duct.
Dinner becomes served if dinner is serving and XX serves it.
The bow tie becomes tied if the bow tie is untied and XX ties it.
The wick becomes burning if citronella candle is not burning and XX lights citronella candle.
The tire becomes inflated if the tire is the flat and XX inflates it.
Food becomes served if food is unserved and XX serves it.
Sound of beeper becomes quiet if sound of beeper is loud and XX turns down sound of beeper.
Pot of tulips becomes dead if pot of tulips is alive and XX takes care of pot of tulips.
The birthday cake becomes eaten if the birthday cake is uneaten and XX enjoys it.
Can of beer becomes empty if can of beer is full and XX enjoys can of beer.
The house becomes empty if the trip is occupied and XX goes on it.
Letter cart becomes avoided if letter cart is in the way and XX avoids letter cart.
Cable company for cable connection becomes connected if cable company for cable connection is not connected and XX calls cable company for cable connection.
Papers become the bound if papers are loose and XX clips them.
The apartment becomes empty if the apartment is occupied and XX leaves it.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The cheeseburger becomes eaten if the cheeseburger is uneaten and XX eats it.
The fish becomes inside the body if the fish is outside the body and XX eats it.
The rope becomes fixed if the rope is loose and XX ties it.
Mittens in winters becomes on the hands if mittens in winters is off the hands and XX wears mittens in winters.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
Toy record player becomes played if toy record player is unused and XX uses toy record player.
The luggage becomes rolled if the luggage is unrolled and XX rolls it.
Leather coat becomes worn if leather coat in winters is stored and XX wears leather coat in winters.
The recycling becomes outside if the recycling is in the house and XX takes out it.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
The nail becomes straight if the nail is bent and XX straightens it.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
The fish becomes eaten if the fish is uneaten and XX eats it.
Medicine becomes smaller solid if medicine is solid and XX takes it.
Photo copier becomes used if photo copier is unused and XX uses photo copier.
Cordless phone becomes charged if cordless phone is uncharged and XX recharges cordless phone.
Potted flower becomes wet if potted flower is dry and XX waters potted flower.
The picnic becomes planned if the picnic is unplanned and XX arranges it.
The tool becomes ready to use if the tool is in storage and XX retrieves it.
The cell phone becomes high if the cell phone is low and XX charges it.
Garbage from trash can becomes clean if garbage from trash can is smelly and XX removes garbage from trash can.
Infant seat becomes comfortable if infant seat is uncomfortable and XX adjusts infant seat.
The seat belt becomes wrapped around the person using the seat belt if the seat belt is slack and XX fastens it.
The bolt becomes tight if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
Bedspread when not in use becomes folded if bedspread when not in use is unfolded and XX folds bedspread when not in use.
The dice becomes moving if the dice is stationary and XX rolls it.
Important papers becomes seen if important papers is unseen and XX prints out important papers.
Toilet roll becomes sold if toilet roll is unsold and XX purchases toilet roll.
The counter becomes clean if the counter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Curtains become closed if curtains are opened and XX draws them.
Tool chest becomes open if tool chest to take out a tool is closed and XX opens tool chest to take out a tool.
Dishes become ready to be washed if dish detergent is dirty and XX adds dish detergent.
Rule of game becomes known if rule of game is unknown and XX knows rule of game.
The window becomes the fine if cracked window is cracked and XX replaces cracked window.
Affected area becomes clean if affected area is dirty and XX washes affected area.
Circuit breaker panel becomes checked if circuit breaker panel is unchecked and XX checks circuit breaker panel.
The hat becomes unworn if the hat is worn and XX takes off it.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
The sponge becomes clean if the sponge is dirty and XX cleans it.
Baby bib becomes dirty if baby bib is clean and XX uses baby bib.
Bowl of crayons becomes organized if bowl of crayons is messy and XX arranges bowl of crayons.
Stack of letters becomes put away if stack of letters is lying around and XX stores stack of letters.
The wound becomes the safe if the wound is dangerous and XX bandages it.
Diaper rash cream to the baby's skin becomes happy feel if diaper rash cream to the baby's skin is bad feel and XX applies diaper rash cream to the baby's skin.
Mail becomes opened if mail is unopen and XX opens it.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes transformed if pumpkin at halloween is whole and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is the living and XX swats it.
The knife becomes put away if the knife is out and XX puts away it.
Nails become short if nails are long and XX cuts them.
Network hub becomes on if network hub is off and XX restarts network hub.
Wrinkles become ironed if wrinkles are unironed and XX irons them.
Power socket becomes new if power socket is old and XX replaces power socket.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
The antiseptic becomes used if the antiseptic is unused and XX applies it.
The burner becomes off if the burner is on and XX turns off it.
Bowtie pasta becomes eaten if bowtie pasta is in the bowl and XX eats bowtie pasta.
Kitchen shelf properly becomes organized if kitchen shelf properly is disorganized and XX arranges kitchen shelf properly.
Gift box becomes the wrap if gift box is unwrapped and XX wraps gift box.
Table at the restaurant becomes reserved if table at the restaurant is unreserved and XX reserves table at the restaurant.
The toilet seat becomes clean if the toilet seat is unclean and XX cleans it.
The meal becomes edible if the meal is unprepared and XX prepares it.
Plaid bowtie becomes being worn if plaid bowtie is not being worn and XX wears plaid bowtie.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
The shoe becomes loose if the shoelace is tight and XX opens it.
The belt becomes loose if the belt is tight and XX loosens it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dusty and XX vacuums it.
The cassette becomes used if the cassette is not used and XX plays it.
The task becomes forgotten if the task is remembered and XX forgets it.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
Pair of speakers becomes in the air if pair of speakers is off the floor and XX mounts pair of speakers.
Wet load of laundry becomes clean if wet load of laundry is dirty and XX washes wet load of laundry.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Food in microwave becomes heated if food in microwave is cold and XX places food in microwave.
Hiking boots become broken in if hiking boots are new and XX wears them.
Lights become off if lights are on and XX turns off them.
The visitor becomes served if the visitor is waiting and XX serves him.
Cooked food becomes available if cooked food is unavailable and XX provides cooked food.
Beanbag chair becomes mended if beanbag chair is ripped and XX mends beanbag chair.
Next page becomes read if next page is not read and XX reads next page.
Fishes become sated if fishes of aquarium is hungry and XX feeds fishes of aquarium.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX unloads it.
Volume control becomes low if volume control is high and XX raises volume control.
Bowl of soup becomes empty if bowl of soup is full and XX drinks bowl of soup.
Pant suit becomes washed if pant suit is unwashed or washed and XX washes pant suit.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
The trash becomes in the trash can if the trash is out of the trash can and XX throws away it.
The doorbell becomes off if the doorbell is ringing and XX answers it.
Kitchen shelf becomes arranged if kitchen shelf properly is disarranged and XX arranges kitchen shelf properly.
Messages become deleted if messages are available and XX deletes them.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
Papers become organized if papers are unorganized and XX clips them.
The baby becomes naked if the diaper is covered and XX removes it.
Food in bulk becomes bought if food in bulk is unbought and XX buys food in bulk.
Network back up becomes up if network back up is down and XX brings network back up.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The soccer ball becomes kicked if the soccer ball is not kicked and XX kicks it.
Papers become colated if papers are loose and XX gathers them.
Money becomes with the person if money from bank is at the bank and XX withdraws money from bank.
The car becomes moving if the car is stopped and XX drives it.
The parent becomes respected if the parent is disrespected and XX respects him.
Potted flower becomes watered if potted flower is dry and XX waters potted flower.
Garbage bin becomes empty if garbage in the garbage bin is full and XX discards garbage in the garbage bin.
Email becomes received if email is unsent and XX sends it.
The lemon becomes squeezed if the lemon is not squeezed and XX squeezes it.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Next page becomes read if next page is unread and XX reads next page.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes plugged in if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is not plugged in and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
The presentation becomes prepared if the presentation is unprepared and XX prepares it.
The voltage becomes consisten if electric voltage is erratic and XX regulates electric voltage.
The dishwasher becomes unloaded if the dishwasher is loaded and XX unloads it.
Pretzels become buttered if pretzels with butter is the plain and XX serves pretzels with butter.
The washing machine becomes full if clothes in washing machine is empty and XX puts clothes in washing machine.
The lens becomes clean if the lens is smudged and XX cleans it.
Ink cartridge becomes refilled if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
Pasta becomes cooked if pasta is raw and XX cooks it.
Car keys becomes found if car keys is lost and XX finds car keys.
The belt becomes loose if the belt is tight and XX loosens it.
The pie becomes eaten if the pie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The stapler becomes filled if the stapler is empty and XX replenishes it.
Garbage bag becomes chosen if garbage bag is ignored and XX picks garbage bag.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
The ball becomes settling if the ball is bouncing and XX bounces it.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
The napkin becomes clean if the napkin is dirty and XX washes it.
Files become saved if files are unsaved and XX backs up them.
Water becomes still if source of water is flowing and XX turns off source of water.
The boiled egg becomes eaten if the boiled egg is whole and XX eats it.
The food processor becomes clean if food processor after use is dirty and XX cleans food processor after use.
Coffee mug becomes full if coffee mug is empty and XX fills coffee mug.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
The blackboard becomes clean if the blackboard is written on and XX wipes it.
The clipboard becomes clipped if clipboard with paper is unclipped and XX attaches clipboard with paper.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
The decanter becomes full if the decanter is empty and XX fills it.
The swimsuit becomes worn if the swimsuit is unworn and XX wears it.
Door of car becomes open if door of car is closed and XX opens door of car.
The bee becomes free if the bee is captured and XX lets out it.
Clothes from washing machine becomes empty if clothes from washing machine is fill and XX takes out clothes from washing machine.
Eggs become broken if eggs are whole and XX cracks them.
Firealarm becomes known if firealarm is unknown and XX reports firealarm.
The mat becomes swept if the mat is dusty and XX sweeps it.
Bowl of soup on dinner table becomes empty if bowl of soup on dinner table is full of soup and XX serves bowl of soup on dinner table.
Bowl of strawberries becomes empty if bowl of strawberries is full of strawberries and XX consumes bowl of strawberries.
Food becomes hot if food is cold and XX warms up it.
The toilet becomes being flushed if the toilet is not being flushed and XX flushes it.
Food becomes cooked if food is uncooked and XX prepares it.
Pants become smooth if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
Nail clipper becomes clean if nail clipper is dirty and XX cleans nail clipper.
Modem connection becomes checked if modem connection is unchecked and XX checks modem connection.
Potted plant becomes wet if potted plant is dry and XX waters potted plant.
The bin becomes shut if the bin is open and XX closes it.
The folder becomes the orderly if the folder is messy and XX organizes it.
The wheel becomes the spinning if the wheel is unmoving and XX spins it.
Floor with a mop becomes clean if floor with a mop is dirty and XX sweeps floor with a mop.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
Printing cartridge becomes unsealed if printing cartridge is sealed and XX replaces printing cartridge.
The house plant becomes planted if the house plant is not planted and XX waters it.
Pizza becomes the cut if pizza is uncut and XX cuts it.
The mug becomes clean if the mug is dirty and XX washes it.
The trip becomes planned if the trip is unplanned and XX plans it.
Dirt from door mat becomes clean if dirt from door mat is dirty and XX removes dirt from door mat.
The blanket becomes dry if the blanket is wet and XX dries it.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
Spool of thread becomes unrolled if spool of thread is rolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
Bedside lamp becomes off if bedside lamp is on and XX turns off bedside lamp.
The boiler becomes on if the boiler is off and XX STARTS it.
The bedsheet becomes on the bed if the bedsheet is unused and XX uses it.
The shoelace becomes open if the shoelace is closed and XX opens it.
Car keys becomes found if car keys is lost and XX finds car keys.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
Frosted cake becomes partial cake if frosted cake is whole cake and XX eats frosted cake.
Watermelon in refrigerator becomes cold if watermelon in refrigerator is warm and XX preserves watermelon in refrigerator.
Clothes become clean if clothes are dirty and XX washes them.
Stamp collection becomes shown if stamp collection to friends is unshown and XX shows stamp collection to friends.
The mop becomes out if the mop is in and XX takes out it.
Dinner becomes served if dinner is unserved and XX serves it.
Dirty clothes to laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes to laundry is dirty and XX delivers dirty clothes to laundry.
The volume becomes higher if volume control is lower and XX raises volume control.
The fishing pole becomes long if the fishing pole is short and XX elongates it.
The room becomes clean if the room is messy and XX arranges it.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Valuables in a safe becomes the safe if valuables in a safe is unsafe and XX keeps valuables in a safe.
Pair of high-heel shoes becomes worn if pair of high-heel shoes is unoccupied and XX wears pair of high-heel shoes.
Sugar cookie becomes unavailable if sugar cookie is available and XX eats sugar cookie.
The spill becomes cleaned up if entire spill is messy and XX wipes up entire spill.
The junk mail becomes been deleted if the junk mail is being there and XX deletes it.
The ball becomes kicked if the ball is not kicked and XX kicks it.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
Cup and saucer becomes clean if cup and saucer is dirty and XX washes cup and saucer.
Tv programme becomes watched if tv programme is unwatched and XX watches tv programme.
Vegetables become the cut if vegetables are uncut and XX cuts them.
Conditioner bottle becomes used if conditioner bottle is unused and XX uses conditioner bottle.
The cracker becomes eaten if the cracker is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pumpkin vegetable becomes empty if pumpkin vegetable is full and XX eats pumpkin vegetable.
The report becomes accurate if the report is full of mistakes and XX proofreads it.
The nail becomes shiny if the nail is dull and XX Polishes it.
The server becomes STARTED if the server is stopped and XX restarts him.
The kite becomes being in the air if the kite is being on the grass and XX flies it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Collar on dog becomes tied if collar on dog is untied and XX ties collar on dog.
The cell phone becomes answered if the cell phone is ringing and XX answers it.
The mattress becomes clean if the mattress is soiled and XX cleans it.
The computer screen becomes clean if the computer screen is dirty and XX cleans it.
The toilet seat becomes clean if the toilet seat is dirty and XX cleans it.
Sheets become clean if sheets are unclean and XX cleans them.
Can of soda becomes empty if can of soda is available and XX drinks can of soda.
The hair becomes straight if the hair is tangled and XX brushes it.
Coffee becomes gains if coffee is beans and XX makes it.
Pant suit becomes worn if pant suit is not worn and XX wears pant suit.
Car keys becomes found if car keys is lost and XX finds car keys.
Bunch of tulips becomes in the trash if bunch of tulips is in the vase and XX throws away bunch of tulips.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is unturned and XX turns door handle.
An object becomes found if an object is lost and XX retrieves an object.
Serving knife becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
The pickle becomes digested if the pickle is whole and XX eats it.
The jug becomes empty if the jug is filled and XX empties it.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Watermelon slice becomes eaten if watermelon slice is uneaten and XX eats watermelon slice.
The ball becomes moving towards the other person if ball back is moving towards one and XX kicks ball back.
Person to doctor becomes the well if person to doctor is sick and XX takes person to doctor.
The butterfly becomes scared if the butterfly is free and XX watches it.
The child becomes calm if the child is agitated and XX calms him.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX warms up it.
Fluids become gone if fluids are there and XX drinks them.
The omelette becomes consumed if the omelette is not consumed and XX eats it.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
The nose becomes invigorated if roses are resting and XX smells them.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
Police become on patrol if police are relaxed and XX calls them.
Bowl of strawberries becomes empty if bowl of strawberries is full and XX consumes bowl of strawberries.
Ceiling light becomes off if ceiling light is on and XX turns off ceiling light.
Boots become shinny if boots are dusty and XX Polishes them.
The butterfly becomes gone if the butterfly is seen and XX watches it.
First aid box with medicines becomes filled if first aid box with medicines is not filled and XX fills first aid box with medicines.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
Garbage bag becomes holy if garbage bag is whole and XX picks garbage bag.
The amplifier becomes quieter if the amplifier is loud and XX turns down it.
The window becomes open window if the window is closed window and XX opens it.
Tennis shoe becomes worn if tennis shoe is unworn and XX wears tennis shoe.
The hammock becomes hung if the hammock is unhung and XX hangs up it.
The floor becomes clean if floor with a mop is dirty and XX sweeps floor with a mop.
Metal chain becomes oiled if metal chain is dry and XX lubricates metal chain.
Food becomes prepared if food is unprepared and XX prepares it.
The bride becomes sad if the bride is happy and XX admires her.
Chain links becomes connected if chain links is unconnected and XX connects chain links.
Ink cartridge becomes refilled if ink cartridge is empty and XX refills ink cartridge.
Ladder near wall becomes used if ladder near wall is unused and XX places ladder near wall.
The dress becomes hung up if the dress is not hung and XX hangs it.
The pool table becomes the level if the pool table is tilted and XX levels it.
The bottle becomes recycled if the bottle is not recycled and XX recycles it.
Batteries become charging if batteries into the charger is the flat and XX puts batteries into the charger.
The muffin becomes on a customer's plate if the muffin is in a display case and XX serves it.
Wrist guard becomes worn if wrist guard is unworn and XX wears wrist guard.
The valve becomes tight if the valve is loose and XX tightens it.
Bathroom sink becomes locked if bathroom sink is empty and XX uses bathroom sink.
Coffeemaker becomes watched if coffeemaker is unwatched and XX watches coffeemaker.
The junk becomes the trash if the junk is the junk and XX removes it.
The skin becomes clean if the skin is dirty and XX disinfects it.
The cutting board becomes clean if the cutting board is not clean and XX sterilizes it.
Pair of gloves becomes dirty if pair of gloves is clean and XX wears pair of gloves.
The dentist becomes giving advice if the dentist is not involved and XX consults him.
The suitcase becomes tidy if the suitcase is untidy and XX arranges it.
Money becomes deposited if money in the chest at a bank is undeposited and XX deposits money in the chest at a bank.
Pane of glass becomes clear if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX washes it.
Glass of beer in refrigerator becomes cold if glass of beer in refrigerator is warm and XX keeps glass of beer in refrigerator.
Baby cup before reusing becomes washed if baby cup before reusing is dirty and XX washes baby cup before reusing.
The bell becomes not ringing if the bell is ringing and XX answers it.
The lightbulb becomes new if the lightbulb is old and XX changes it.
The ground becomes clean if the ground is dirty and XX cleans it.
The antenna becomes optimized if the antenna is idle and XX adjusts it.
Silverware on table becomes on the table if silverware on table is in the drawer and XX places silverware on table.
The cream becomes the face if the cream is the hand and XX applies it.
Fan switch becomes blowing if fan switch is idle and XX turns on fan switch.
Weight bench becomes at the correct height if weight bench is at the incorrect height and XX adjusts weight bench.
The notepad becomes nearby if the notepad is far away and XX fetches it.
Portable heater becomes cool if portable heater is hot and XX turns down portable heater.
Ear-ring becomes possessed if ear-ring is unowned and XX keeps ear-ring.
Breaker switch becomes closed if breaker switch is open and XX resets breaker switch.
Rollerskate becomes worn if rollerskate is not worn and XX wears rollerskate.
The face mask becomes worn if face mask while playing with children is unworn and XX wears face mask while playing with children.
The compactor becomes empty if the compactor is filled and XX empties it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Coke can becomes short if coke can is tall and XX crushes coke can.
Toy room becomes neat if toy room is messy and XX arranges toy room.
Dvd disk becomes played if dvd disk is unplayed and XX plays dvd disk.
Lighting becomes increased if lighting is normal and XX increases it.
Nail clipper becomes dirty if nail clipper is clean and XX cleans nail clipper.
The button becomes fixed if the button is broken and XX mends it.
Eggs become broken if eggs are whole and XX cracks them.
Cordless phone becomes charged if cordless phone is dead and XX recharges cordless phone.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
The hair clip becomes tight if the hair clip is loose and XX tightens it.
The goblet becomes clean if the goblet is dirty and XX cleans it.
Garbage bag becomes new if garbage bag is old and XX replaces garbage bag.
The lawn becomes wet if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
Boxes in garage becomes there if boxes in garage is not there and XX puts boxes in garage.
Nail clipper becomes dirty if nail clipper is clean and XX cleans nail clipper.
Drain plug becomes open if drain plug is closed and XX opens drain plug.
The knob becomes off if the knob is on and XX turns off it.
The ring becomes being worn if the ring is being in a box and XX wears it.
The lawn becomes mowed if mower to mow the lawn is uncut and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
Tennis shoe becomes worn if tennis shoe is new and XX wears tennis shoe.
Bath mat becomes clean if bath mat is dirty and XX cleans bath mat.
The eggplant becomes eaten if the eggplant is live and XX eats it.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
Dust-pan becomes empty if dust-pan is full and XX empties dust-pan.
Floor with a mop becomes clean if floor with a mop is dirty and XX sweeps floor with a mop.
The omelette becomes served if the omelette is not served and XX serves it.
The dustbin becomes empty if the dustbin is filled and XX empties it.
The shaving cream becomes applied if the shaving cream is unapplied and XX applies it.
The heater becomes off if the heater is on and XX shuts off it.
The dentist becomes consulted if the dentist is unconsulted and XX consults him.
The bin becomes empty if the bin is full and XX empties it.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
Can of corn becomes eaten if can of corn is eadible and XX consumes can of corn.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Bar of soap becomes picked up if bar of soap is set aside and XX picks up bar of soap.
Ambulence becomes driving if ambulence is at the hospital and XX calls ambulence.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
The presentation becomes complete if the presentation is unfinished and XX prepares it.
The cranberry juice becomes the drunk if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
The hair becomes combed if the hair is uncombed and XX combs it.
Pills become moving if pills are idle and XX throws them.
Projector on screen becomes focussed if projector on screen is unfocussed and XX focuses projector on screen.
Bath mat becomes clean if bath mat is dirty and XX cleans bath mat.
Chain links becomes connected if chain links is unconnected and XX connects chain links.
Network hub becomes on if network hub is off and XX restarts network hub.
The litterbox becomes not smelly if the litterbox is smelly and XX empties it.
Clean clothes becomes worn if clean clothes is unworn and XX wears clean clothes.
The bathtub becomes scrubbed if the bathtub is unscrubbed and XX scrubs it.
The heating becomes running if the heating is off and XX turns on it.
The cutting board becomes clean if the cutting board is dirty and XX sterilizes it.
Door of car becomes opan if door of car is closed and XX opens door of car.
The umbrella becomes opened if the umbrella is unopened and XX opens it.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is unhung and XX hangs boxing bag.
Blackboard before use becomes clean if blackboard before use is dirty and XX erases blackboard before use.
Email becomes received if email is sent and XX receives it.
Wet floor becomes dry if wet floor is wet and XX wipes wet floor.
Lead of pencil becomes refilled if lead of pencil is low and XX checks lead of pencil.
Photographs become developed if photographs are undeveloped and XX processes them.
Notebook battery becomes full if notebook battery is empty and XX recharges notebook battery.
The generator becomes on if the generator is off and XX uses it.
Painting becomes displayed if painting is stored and XX hangs it.
Hair with dryer becomes dry if hair with dryer is wet and XX dries hair with dryer.
The bedsheet becomes clean if the bedsheet is dirty and XX washes it.
Diaper rash cream to the baby's skin becomes being applied if diaper rash cream to the baby's skin is not being applied and XX applies diaper rash cream to the baby's skin.
The club becomes fun if the club is boring and XX swings it.
Spectacles become clean if spectacles are dirty and XX cleans them.
The footwear becomes worn if the footwear is unworn and XX wears it.
The food processor becomes clean if food processor after use is dirty and XX cleans food processor after use.
Bicycle tire becomes new if bicycle tire is old and XX replaces bicycle tire.
Dirty clothes in laundry becomes clean if dirty clothes in laundry is dirty and XX cleans dirty clothes in laundry.
Adhesive becomes purchased if adhesive is available and XX gets adhesive.
Stamp collection becomes the safe if stamp collection safely is unsafe and XX keeps stamp collection safely.
Broken glass bottle becomes nowhere if broken glass bottle is everywhere and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
The furniture becomes being in another place if the furniture is being in one place and XX moves it.
Photographs become processed if photographs are unprocessed and XX processes them.
The match becomes lit if the match is unlit and XX lights it.
The generator becomes on if the generator is off and XX uses it.
The pool table becomes levelled if the pool table is not levelled and XX levels it.
Dinner table becomes filled with food if dinner is empty and XX serves it.
Ac becomes off if ac is on and XX turns off ac.
The saddle becomes soup if the saddle is empty and XX stitches it.
Spaghetti becomes cooked if spaghetti is uncooked and XX cooks it.
The curtain becomes new if the curtain is old and XX replaces it.
Doors become locked if doors are unlocked and XX locks them.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
Important document becomes scanned if important document is unscanned and XX scans important document.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
The fire becomes smoldering if the fire is raging and XX puts out it.
The bottle becomes recycled if the bottle is empty and XX recycles it.
Ash tray becomes empty if ash tray is full and XX empties ash tray.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
The hotdog becomes eaten if the hotdog is uneaten and XX eats it.
Chairs become organised if chairs are disorganised and XX organizes them.
Weights become high altitude if weights are low altitude and XX lifts them.
The mat becomes clean if the mat is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Glass cup becomes full if glass cup is empty and XX fills glass cup.
The trash can becomes empty if the trash is full and XX empties it.
Source of water becomes off if source of water is on and XX turns off source of water.
Pot of tulips becomes watered if pot of tulips is dry and XX waters pot of tulips.
The wound becomes sterile if the wound is infected and XX cleanses it.
Three piece suit becomes worn if three piece suit is unworn and XX wears three piece suit.
Windows with curtains becomes covered if windows with curtains is bare and XX covers windows with curtains.
The cassette becomes being played if the cassette is not being played and XX plays it.
The closet becomes open if the closet is closed and XX opens it.
The guitar becomes strummed if the guitar is inate and XX plays it.
The houseplant becomes healthy if the houseplant is dying and XX waters it.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Teeth become clean if teeth are dirty and XX brushes them.
The lobster becomes eaten if the lobster is uneaten and XX eats it.
The amplifier becomes turned down if the amplifier is turned up and XX turns down it.
Spool of thread becomes unrolled if spool of thread is rolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The trash becomes empty if the trash is full and XX empties it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is soiled and XX cleans him.
Tasty choclate becomes eaten if tasty choclate is uneaten and XX eats tasty choclate.
The eggplant becomes being eaten if the eggplant is whole and XX eats it.
The soap dispenser becomes full if the soap dispenser is empty and XX refills it.
Weather becomes known if weather is unknown and XX checks it.
Spilled liquids becomes cleaned up if spilled liquids is on the counter and XX wipes up spilled liquids.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX cooks it.
Mobile telephone becomes answered if mobile telephone is ringing and XX answers mobile telephone.
Electric appliance becomes on if electric appliance is off and XX turns on electric appliance.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
Diamond jewelery becomes worn if diamond jewelery is unworn and XX wears diamond jewelery.
The doormat becomes clean if the doormat is dirty and XX washes it.
Windows to let out fumes becomes open if windows to let out fumes is closed and XX opens windows to let out fumes.
Sugar in coffee becomes the present if sugar in coffee is absent and XX puts sugar in coffee.
Umbrella open to allow it to dry becomes dry if umbrella open to allow it to dry is wet and XX leaves umbrella open to allow it to dry.
The meat grinder becomes operated if the meat grinder is unoperated and XX operates it.
Player piano to play a music becomes playing if player piano to play a music is stopped and XX operates player piano to play a music.
The bottle becomes liquid if the bottle is plastic and XX recycles it.
Water cooler becomes full if water cooler is empty and XX fills water cooler.
Party cake becomes the cut if party cake is whole and XX eats party cake.
The can becomes crushed if the can is intact and XX recycles it.
The carpet becomes wet if the carpet is dry and XX shampoos it.
Groceries become in one's arms if groceries are on the counter and XX picks them.
The banana peel becomes in the hand if the banana peel is on the floor and XX picks up it.
Beer becomes opened if beer is unopened and XX serves it.
The clock becomes correct if the clock is incorrect and XX sets it.
Correct time in watch becomes correct if correct time in watch is wrong and XX sets correct time in watch.
Tank top becomes dirty if tank top is clean and XX wears tank top.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Food becomes eaten if food is uneaten and XX eats it.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is unhung and XX hangs boxing bag.
Important data becomes stored if important data is available and XX files important data.
The document becomes saved if the document is unsaved and XX saves it.
The flame becomes the flame if the flame is nothing and XX lights it.
The alarm clock becomes reset if the alarm clock is the set and XX resets it.
Food becomes warm if food is cold and XX warms up it.
Dozen eggs becomes eaten if dozen eggs is uneaten and XX serves dozen eggs.
Gingerbread cookies becomes eaten if gingerbread cookies is uneaten and XX eats gingerbread cookies.
The presentation becomes dated if the presentation is undecided and XX schedules it.
Papers become collated if papers are not collated and XX staples them.
Pair of pants becomes worn if pair of pants is hanging and XX wears pair of pants.
Pile of paper becomes another if pile of paper is one state and XX arranges pile of paper.
Ice becomes crushed if ice is cubes and XX crushes it.
Baby bottle becomes full if baby bottle is empty and XX fills baby bottle.
Network hub becomes used if network hub is unused and XX uses network hub.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
Pot holder becomes used if pot holder is new and XX uses pot holder.
The child becomes cared for if the child is uncared for and XX takes care of him.
The steak becomes cooked if the steak is raw and XX eats it.
Gift box becomes the wrap if gift box is unwrapped and XX wraps gift box.
The shoe becomes shiny if the shoe is scuffed and XX shines it.
Dirty dishes becomes clean if dirty dishes is dirty and XX rinses dirty dishes.
The dvd player becomes the spinning if the dvd player is idle and XX plays it.
The tyre becomes fixed if the puncture is punctured and XX repairs it.
Appropriate temperature becomes cold if appropriate temperature is hot and XX sets appropriate temperature.
The bride becomes sad if the bride is happy and XX admires her.
The tyre becomes mended if the tyre is unmended and XX mends it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Food becomes cooked if food is raw and XX cooks it.
The printer becomes used if the printer is idle and XX uses it.
The lullaby becomes loud if the lullaby is quite and XX sings it.
Fuel level becomes known if fuel level is unknown and XX checks fuel level.
The laundry becomes washed if dirty laundry is dirty and XX washes dirty laundry.
The bedsheet becomes messy if the bedsheet is made and XX removes it.
The cell phone becomes charged if cell phone from charger is charging and XX removes cell phone from charger.
Can of soda becomes empty if can of soda is full and XX drinks can of soda.
Fresh meat becomes cooked if fresh meat is raw and XX cooks fresh meat.
Pant suit becomes clean if pant suit is dirty and XX washes pant suit.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
Ear-ring becomes on if ear-ring is not on and XX wears ear-ring.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
Drums become loud if drums are silent and XX beats them.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
Old toothpaste becomes empty if old toothpaste is full and XX uses old toothpaste.
Music becomes less loud if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Door of the dishwasher becomes open if door of the dishwasher is closed and XX opens door of the dishwasher.
The computer game becomes on if the computer game is off and XX plays it.
The computer screen becomes cleaned if the computer screen is dirty and XX cleans it.
Pair of speakers becomes producing sound if pair of speakers is silent and XX uses pair of speakers.
Spectacles become translucent if spectacles are opaque and XX cleans them.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
Frozen dinner becomes cooked if frozen dinner is frozen and XX microwaves frozen dinner.
The umbrella becomes dry if the umbrella is wet and XX dries it.
The sunscreen becomes the spread if the sunscreen is bottled and XX wears it.
Door bell button becomes the bell if door bell button is the door and XX pushes door bell button.
The briefcase becomes closed if the briefcase is open and XX closes it.
The file becomes closed if the file is open and XX closes it.
Fresh meat becomes cooked if fresh meat is not cooked and XX cooks fresh meat.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
The newspaper becomes read if the newspaper is unread and XX reads it.
The phonograph becomes heard if the phonograph is unheard and XX hears it.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is not carved and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes clean if dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX cleans dishes in dishwasher.
Groceries become carried if groceries are needed to be carried and XX carries them.
Trash compactor becomes empty if trash compactor is full and XX empties trash compactor.
The plum becomes not whole if the plum is whole and XX eats it.
Box of detergent becomes empty if box of detergent is full and XX uses box of detergent.
The cream becomes the face if the cream is the hand and XX applies it.
Bedsheet on the bed becomes already spread if bedsheet on the bed is not spread yet and XX spreads bedsheet on the bed.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
White board becomes clean if white board is dirty and XX wipes off white board.
Belt of  treadmill becomes tight if belt of  treadmill is loose and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
The letter becomes mailable if the letter is unmailable and XX stamps it.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
Clothes in wardrobe becomes hung if clothes in wardrobe is unhung and XX hangs clothes in wardrobe.
Kitty litter becomes fresh if kitty litter is smelly and XX cleans kitty litter.
Dishes become clean if dishes with water is dirty and XX rinses dishes with water.
The microprocessor becomes modern if the microprocessor is out of date and XX upgrades it.
The telephone becomes being used if the telephone is hung up and XX picks it.
Door handle becomes turned if door handle is unturned and XX turns door handle.
Spool of thread becomes unrolled if spool of thread is rolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
Police become informed if police are uninformed and XX informs them.
The cucumber becomes eaten if the cucumber is uneaten and XX eats it.
Dodgeball becomes not dangerous if dodgeball is dangerous and XX avoids dodgeball.
The safe becomes locked and closed if money secure is open and XX keeps money secure.
The cooker becomes hot if the cooker is cold and XX uses it.
Serving knife before use becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
The shower becomes used if the shower is unused and XX gets into it.
Spaghetti becomes cooked if spaghetti is uncooked and XX cooks it.
Oil painting on the wall becomes dry if oil painting on the wall is wet and XX hangs oil painting on the wall.
The t-shirt becomes worn if the t-shirt is unworn and XX wears it.
The lobster becomes eaten if the lobster is uneaten and XX eats it.
The drain becomes unplugged if drain plug is plugged and XX opens drain plug.
The sink becomes clean if the sink is dirty and XX cleans it.
Bakery shop becomes called if bakery shop is uncalled and XX calls bakery shop.
Insect out of the room becomes swatted if insect out of the room is in the room and XX gets insect out of the room.
The volume becomes soft if the volume is loud and XX adjusts it.
Duffle bag becomes full if duffle bag is empty and XX fills duffle bag.
The receptacle becomes empty if the receptacle is full and XX empties it.
Bathroom shower becomes operated if bathroom shower is not operated and XX operates bathroom shower.
Slice of bread becomes eaten if slice of bread is the present and XX eats slice of bread.
Bathroom cabinet becomes nice and clean if bathroom cabinet is very dirty and XX cleans bathroom cabinet.
The folding chair becomes open if the folding chair is closed and XX pries open it.
Toasted bread becomes toasted if toasted bread is untoasted and XX eats toasted bread.
Tiles become replaced if tiles are old and XX replaces them.
The mechanic becomes employed if the mechanic is unemployed and XX calls him.
The cream becomes the face if the cream is the hand and XX applies it.
Bottle of beer becomes chilled if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
Food becomes protected if food is accessible to bugs and XX covers it.
Mail becomes checked if mail is unchecked and XX checks it.
The bag becomes disposed of if the bag is still here and XX throws away it.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Clothes become being put if clothes are not being put and XX puts on them.
Opponent with the ball becomes the hit if opponent with the ball is not hit and XX hits opponent with the ball.
The rodent becomes dead if the rodent is alive and XX kills it.
The hair clip becomes tightened if the hair clip is loose and XX tightens it.
Feet become washed if feet are unwashed and XX washes them.
The waffle becomes eaten if the waffle is uneaten and XX eats it.
Cherries become eaten if cherries are uneaten and XX serves them.
Daiquiri becomes cold if daiquiri is warm and XX chills daiquiri.
Index cards become in order if index cards are out of order and XX sorts them.
Folding table becomes set up if folding table is compact and XX unfolds folding table.
The cheeseburger becomes gone if the cheeseburger is not eaten and XX eats it.
Boxing bag becomes hung if boxing bag is unhung and XX hangs boxing bag.
The scarf becomes worn if the scarf is unworn and XX puts on it.
Feeding bottle becomes cleaner if feeding bottle is dirtier and XX cleans feeding bottle.
The floor becomes cleaner if the floor is dirtier and XX mops it.
The letter becomes opened if the letter is sealed and XX opens it.
Pages become clipped if pages are unclipped and XX clips them.
The pet becomes eating if the pet is doing whatever it was doing and XX feeds it.
The textbook becomes read if the textbook is unread and XX reads it.
Door mat becomes clean if door mat is dirty and XX cleans door mat.
Watermelon in refrigerator becomes cold if watermelon in refrigerator is warm and XX preserves watermelon in refrigerator.
Vegetables become the cut if vegetables are whole and XX cuts them.
The match becomes burning if the match is unlit and XX lights it.
The computer software becomes installed if the computer software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Dollars become used if dollars are unused and XX spends them.
Relatives become invited if relatives are uninvited and XX invites them.
Lettuce head becomes eaten if lettuce head is uneaten and XX eats lettuce head.
The fire brigade becomes called if the fire brigade is uncalled and XX calls it.
The whisky becomes emptier if the whisky is full and XX drinks it.
Data become retrieved if important data is unretrieved and XX retrieves important data.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Bib to baby's neck becomes tighter if bib to baby's neck is loose and XX ties bib to baby's neck.
Hairs become clean if hairs are dirty and XX washes them.
Umbrella in closet becomes being in the closet if umbrella in closet is being out of closet and XX places umbrella in closet.
Hand towel becomes clean if hand towel is dirty and XX washes hand towel.
Pole to clean pool becomes dirty if pole to clean pool is clean and XX uses pole to clean pool.
The baby becomes happy if new diaper on the baby is uncomfortable and XX puts new diaper on the baby.
Card table becomes neat if card table is messy and XX tidies card table.
Baby sleep on bed becomes sleeping if baby sleep on bed is awake and XX makes baby sleep on bed.
The kitty becomes loved if the kitty is unloved and XX loves it.
The friend becomes admired if the friend is unappreciated and XX admires him.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX vacuums it.
Dirty dishes in dishwasher becomes on if dirty dishes in dishwasher is off and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
Pot of tulips becomes wet if pot of tulips is dry and XX waters pot of tulips.
Next page becomes read if next page is unread and XX reads next page.
Framed picture on wall becomes hanged if framed picture on wall is unhung and XX hangs framed picture on wall.
Information in disk drive becomes stored if information in disk drive is unstored and XX stores information in disk drive.
Curtains become released if curtains are held and XX releases them.
Piece of paper becomes thrown away if piece of paper is not thrown away and XX throws away piece of paper.
Basket ball becomes inflated if basket ball is the flat and XX inflates basket ball.
Conditioner bottle becomes full if conditioner bottle is empty and XX fills conditioner bottle.
Ambulence becomes in use if ambulence is not in use and XX calls ambulence.
Diapers become clean if diapers are dirty and XX changes them.
Baby bottle becomes full if baby bottle is empty and XX fills baby bottle.
The notepad becomes available if the notepad is unavailable and XX gets it.
Door bell button becomes depressed if door bell button is normal and XX pushes door bell button.
Toner cartridge becomes full if toner cartridge is empty and XX refills toner cartridge.
Armoir becomes closed if armoir is opened and XX closes armoir.
Batteries of remote control becomes charged if batteries of remote control is dead and XX recharges batteries of remote control.
The lens becomes clean if the lens is dirty and XX cleans it.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
Cooler with water becomes full if cooler with water is empty and XX fills cooler with water.
The rodent becomes outside if rodent away from home is the inside and XX takes rodent away from home.
Door of car becomes open if door of car is closed and XX opens door of car.
Papers become stapled if papers are loose and XX staples them.
The lock becomes locked if the lock is unlocked and XX locks it.
The sickle becomes sharp if the sickle is dull and XX sharpens it.
Cheese pieces in refrigerator becomes cool if cheese pieces in refrigerator is warm and XX stores cheese pieces in refrigerator.
The cake becomes in parts if the cake is whole and XX serves it.
Bacon becomes in your stomach if bacon is on a plate and XX eats it.
The croissant becomes eatent if the croissant is uneaten and XX eats it.
The teddy bear becomes clean if the teddy bear is dirty and XX cleans it.
Can of corn becomes cooked if can of corn is raw and XX cooks can of corn.
Curtains become raised if curtains are lowered and XX raises them.
The letter becomes open if the letter is closed and XX opens it.
The person becomes located if the person is unknown and XX locates him.
Valuables in a safe becomes the safe if valuables in a safe is unsafe and XX keeps valuables in a safe.
The salmon becomes eaten if the salmon is on the plate and XX eats it.
The problem becomes solved if the problem is unsolved and XX solves it.
Empty becomes full of fruit if bowl of fruit is empty and XX refills bowl of fruit.
The kitty becomes dry if the kitty is wet and XX dries it.
Ac adapter for charging a cell phone becomes charged if ac adapter for charging a cell phone is uncharged and XX plugs ac adapter for charging a cell phone.
Coffeemaker becomes on if coffeemaker is off and XX turns on coffeemaker.
Pasta becomes cooked if pasta is uncooked and XX cooks it.
The blouse becomes repaired if the blouse is ripped and XX stitches it.
Salad becomes eaten if salad is uneaten and XX eats it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Pancake with butter becomes consumed if pancake with butter is prepared and XX serves pancake with butter.
Hairs become dry if hairs are wet and XX dries them.
Toy room becomes neat if toy room is messy and XX arranges toy room.
Bottle opener to open the bottle becomes uncapped if bottle opener to open the bottle is capped and XX uses bottle opener to open the bottle.
The waiter becomes tipped if the waiter is untipped and XX tips him.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is infected and XX cleanses it.
Food becomes eaten if food is untouched and XX eats it.
The soap dispenser becomes full if the soap dispenser is empty and XX refills it.
Valuables at safer place becomes the safe if valuables at safer place is unsafe and XX stores valuables at safer place.
The business card becomes distributed if the business card is undistributed and XX gives out it.
Kitty litter becomes clean if kitty litter is soiled and XX cleans kitty litter.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
Trash from the trash can becomes outside the trash can if trash from the trash can is inside the trash can and XX throws trash from the trash can.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
The notebook becomes being made if the notebook is not being made and XX makes it.
The person becomes entertained if the computer game is bored and XX plays it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Plumbing pipes becomes new if plumbing pipes is old and XX replaces plumbing pipes.
Spaghetti becomes al dente if spaghetti is hard and XX cooks it.
The bike becomes in motion if the bike is still and XX rides it.
The globe becomes studied if the globe is unobserved and XX examines it.
The timer becomes the set if the timer is unset and XX sets it.
Important document becomes protected if important document is unprotected and XX preserves important document.
Grades become better if grades are worse and XX improves them.
Box of cereal becomes empty if box of cereal is full and XX uses box of cereal.
Camera tripod becomes the level if camera tripod is unlevel and XX levels camera tripod.
The fish becomes cooked if the fish is raw and XX cooks it.
The password becomes reset if the password is unchanged and XX changes it.
Door bell button becomes the bell if door bell button is the door and XX pushes door bell button.
Jam becomes unavailable if jam is available and XX consumes it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
3 hole punch becomes lubricated if 3 hole punch is un-lubricated and XX lubricates 3 hole punch.
Bedsheets become clean sheets if bedsheets are dirty sheets and XX changes them.
Chalk board becomes speckless if chalk board is dusty and XX wipes off chalk board.
Pretzels become buttered if pretzels with butter is the plain and XX serves pretzels with butter.
The tie becomes pressed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
The vegetable becomes cooked if the vegetable is raw and XX cooks it.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
New adhesive becomes used if new adhesive is new and XX uses new adhesive.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is whole and XX breaks open it.
The bunny becomes watched if the bunny is ignored and XX watches it.
Oil lamp becomes on if oil lamp is off and XX burns oil lamp.
Baby's bib becomes clean if baby's bib is dirty and XX washes baby's bib.
Glass of water becomes emptying if glass of water is full and XX drinks glass of water.
Vino becomes aged if vino is not aged and XX ages vino.
Child gate becomes shut if child gate is open and XX closes child gate.
Movie poster becomes hung if movie poster is unhung and XX hangs movie poster.
Roses become smelled if roses are unsmelled and XX smells them.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX mops it.
The baton becomes Polished if the baton is stained and XX Polishes it.
Pajama bottom becomes filled if pajama bottom is folded and XX wears pajama bottom.
The fishtank becomes clean if the fishtank is grimy and XX cleans it.
The file becomes in trash can if the file is on hard drive and XX deletes it.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
Leather coat becomes dry if leather coat in winters is wet and XX dries leather coat in winters.
The trashbin becomes empty if the trashbin is full and XX empties it.
Floppy into the floppy drive becomes inserted if floppy into the floppy drive is uninserted and XX inserts floppy into the floppy drive.
Dinner becomes no food if dinner is food and XX eats it.
Tools become gathered if tools are scattered and XX gathers them.
Visitor by opening the door becomes noticed if visitor by opening the door is unnoticed and XX greets visitor by opening the door.
Tube of toothpaste becomes empty if tube of toothpaste is full and XX squeezes tube of toothpaste.
The filing cabinet becomes organized if the filing cabinet is unorganized and XX indexes it.
The notebook becomes in the hand if the notebook is on the shelf and XX gets it.
Bowl with crayons becomes used if bowl with crayons is idle and XX uses bowl with crayons.
Spool of thread becomes unrolled if spool of thread is rolled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The hammock becomes tight if the hammock is slack and XX tightens it.
The table becomes clean if table before setting the table is dirty and XX cleans table before setting the table.
Food becomes chewed if food is unchewed and XX chews it.
The sink becomes empty if the sink is full and XX empties it.
Bottle of beer in refrigerator becomes cold if bottle of beer in refrigerator is warm and XX places bottle of beer in refrigerator.
The flap becomes closed if the flap is open and XX closes it.
Wedge of cheese becomes eaten if wedge of cheese is available and XX eats wedge of cheese.
Hiking boots become worn if hiking boots are new and XX wears them.
The cigarette becomes burnt up if the cigarette is new and XX smokes it.
The letter becomes written if the letter is unwritten and XX writes it.
The text becomes written if the text is unwritten and XX writes it.
The motorcycle becomes fixed if the motorcycle is broken and XX repairs it.
Dirt from the floor becomes gone if dirt from the floor is there and XX removes dirt from the floor.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
Hamburger with sauce becomes moist if hamburger with sauce is dry and XX serves hamburger with sauce.
The reclining chair becomes tall if the reclining chair is short and XX adjusts it.
Dog biscuit to the pet dog becomes fed if dog biscuit to the pet dog is unfed and XX feeds dog biscuit to the pet dog.
Baby cup becomes clean if baby cup is dirty and XX cleans baby cup.
Watermelon in refrigerator becomes cold if watermelon in refrigerator is warm and XX preserves watermelon in refrigerator.
Voice while talking becomes soft if voice while talking is loud and XX lowers voice while talking.
Piece of wood becomes ashes if piece of wood is wood and XX burns piece of wood.
Chairs in circular fashion becomes the circular if chairs in circular fashion is random and XX arranges chairs in circular fashion.
The coke becomes cold if the coke is warm and XX refrigerates it.
Earth globe becomes examined if earth globe is unexamined and XX studies earth globe.
Ash tray becomes empty if ash tray is full and XX empties ash tray.
The tie becomes ironed if the tie is wrinkled and XX irons it.
Nail paint becomes used if nail paint is unused and XX applies nail paint.
Pant suit becomes clean if pant suit is dirty and XX washes pant suit.
The luggage becomes the luggage rack if the luggage is on the ground and XX lifts it.
The soccer ball becomes moving if the soccer ball is still and XX kicks it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX cleans it.
The carrot becomes short if the carrot is long and XX eats it.
Bedside table becomes there if bedside table is here and XX moves bedside table.
The footwear becomes worn if the footwear is unworn and XX wears it.
The antiseptic becomes adulterated if the antiseptic is sterile and XX applies it.
Bouncy-ball becomes round if bouncy-ball is the flat and XX inflates bouncy-ball.
The vehicle becomes on the street if the vehicle is in the driveway and XX drives it.
Soil from the floor becomes cleaner if soil from the floor is dirtier and XX wipes soil from the floor.
Pasta becomes soft if pasta is hard and XX cooks it.
The hair becomes dry if hair with dryer is wet and XX dries hair with dryer.
Flower vase becomes full if flowers in flower vase is empty and XX keeps flowers in flower vase.
Bottle of ketchup becomes full if bottle of ketchup is empty and XX fills bottle of ketchup.
Entire spill becomes wiped if entire spill is not wiped and XX wipes up entire spill.
The cake becomes partial if the cake is complete and XX serves it.
The phone becomes fully charged if the phone is dead and XX recharges it.
The filing cabinet becomes indexed if the filing cabinet is disorganized and XX indexes it.
Shoes become on the feet if shoes are off the feet and XX wears them.
The cooler becomes full if the cooler is empty and XX fills it.
Baby carseat becomes sturdy if baby carseat is floppy and XX tightens baby carseat.
The plant becomes cared for if the plant is uncared for and XX takes care of it.
Hammer in tool box becomes the inside if hammer in tool box is outside and XX puts hammer in tool box.
Baby changing table becomes clean if baby changing table is dirty and XX cleans baby changing table.
Rollerskate becomes worn if rollerskate is not used and XX wears rollerskate.
Windows become secured if windows are not secured and XX secures them.
The luggage becomes being carried if the luggage is on the ground and XX lifts it.
The lobster becomes cooked if the lobster is raw and XX boils it.
Deck of cards becomes arranged if deck of cards is unarranged and XX arranges deck of cards.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
The filing cabinet becomes organized if the filing cabinet is cluttered and XX organizes it.
Nut shell with hammer becomes broken if nut shell with hammer is intact and XX breaks nut shell with hammer.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dusty and XX vacuums it.
Strawberry daiquiri becomes the drunk if strawberry daiquiri is undrunk and XX drinks strawberry daiquiri.
Children's bed room becomes clean if children's bed room is dirty and XX cleans children's bed room.
Eggs become eaten if eggs are uneaten and XX eats them.
Videotape becomes needing to be rewound if videotape is ready to play and XX plays videotape.
Leftover food becomes eaten if leftover food is uneaten and XX finishes leftover food.
Potted tree becomes watered if potted tree is dry and XX waters potted tree.
Hot grill becomes hot if hot grill is cold and XX touches hot grill.
Bill becomes paid if Bill is owing and XX pays him.
Pair of speakers becomes mounted if pair of speakers is unmounted and XX mounts pair of speakers.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
Bag of potato chips becomes closed if bag of potato chips is open and XX seals bag of potato chips.
Vegetables become cut up if vegetables are whole and XX cuts them.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Glass of beer becomes the drunk if glass of beer is not drunk and XX drinks glass of beer.
The textbook becomes read if the textbook is unread and XX reads it.
The ground becomes clean if the ground is dirty and XX cleans it.
Pot of tulips becomes healthy if pot of tulips is wilting and XX takes care of pot of tulips.
Game board becomes played if game board is free and XX plays game board.
Water sprinkler becomes functioning if water sprinkler is non functioning and XX installs water sprinkler.
Computer files onto disks becomes used if computer files onto disks is unused and XX copies computer files onto disks.
Organizing bin becomes organized if organizing bin is disoragnized and XX arranges organizing bin.
Spelling of words becomes the right if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
Gravy bowl becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is being empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
Stamp collection becomes well preserved if stamp collection safely is improperly stored and XX keeps stamp collection safely.
The kite becomes high if the kite is low and XX flies it.
Friends become trusted if friends are distrusted and XX trusts them.
Baby carseat becomes secured if baby carseat is loose and XX secures baby carseat.
The whistle becomes heard if the whistle is unheard and XX hears it.
Three piece suit becomes on the body if three piece suit is in the closet and XX wears three piece suit.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
Bitten area becomes treated if antiseptic on bitten area is untreated and XX applies antiseptic on bitten area.
The jug becomes empty if the jug is full and XX empties it.
Drums become beaten if drums are not beaten and XX beats them.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are full and XX chops them.
Bedsheets become smooth if bedsheets are wrinkled and XX irons them.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX wipes it.
Hot coffee becomes internal if hot coffee is external and XX drinks hot coffee.
The number becomes dieled if the number is undieled and XX dials it.
The flame becomes out if the flame is raging and XX puts out it.
Chocolate pudding becomes done if chocolate pudding is making and XX prepares chocolate pudding.
The tape becomes ejected if the tape is not ejected and XX ejects it.
The page becomes printed upon if the page is blank and XX prints it.
Toasted bread becomes toasted if toasted bread is untoasted and XX eats toasted bread.
Clothes become worn if clothes are unworn and XX puts on them.
Pant suit becomes clean if pant suit is dirty and XX washes pant suit.
The lightbulb becomes new if the lightbulb is old and XX changes it.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Postcard from vacation becomes sent if postcard from vacation is unsent and XX sends postcard from vacation.
Shipping box becomes held if shipping box by lid is not held and XX holds shipping box by lid.
Curling iron after use becomes off if curling iron after use is on and XX turns off curling iron after use.
Paper roll becomes thrown away if paper roll is used and XX replaces paper roll.
The phone call becomes answered if the phone call is unanswered and XX answers it.
Calender becomes new if calender is old and XX replaces calender.
The telephone number becomes dialled if the telephone number is undialled and XX dials it.
Pearl necklace becomes around the throat if pearl necklace is on the dresser and XX wears pearl necklace.
The desk becomes organized if the desk is cluttered and XX arranges it.
Bedside table becomes in another location if bedside table is in one location and XX moves bedside table.
The cake becomes in pieces if the cake is whole and XX cuts it.
The can opener becomes dirty if the can opener is clean and XX uses it.
Boxes become full if boxes are empty and XX fills them.
The bath becomes dirty if the bath is clear and XX takes it.
The dice becomes rolled if the dice is unrolled and XX rolls it.
Bottle of beer becomes cooled if bottle of beer is not cooled and XX cools bottle of beer.
Liquid from floor becomes clean if liquid from floor is drity and XX cleans liquid from floor.
The peach becomes eaten if the peach is fresh and XX eats it.
The wedding ring becomes different size if the wedding ring is one size and XX resizes it.
The amplifier becomes low if the amplifier is high and XX turns down it.
The shovel becomes clean if the shovel is dirty and XX cleans it.
The tool becomes ready to use if the tool is in storage and XX retrieves it.
Dirt from the floor becomes swept up if dirt from the floor is scattered and XX sweeps dirt from the floor.
Windows with curtains becomes covered if windows with curtains is bare and XX covers windows with curtains.
Firealarm becomes reported and being responded to if firealarm is unreported and XX reports firealarm.
Joystick to the terminal to play games becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is un-connected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Garbage from trash can becomes empty if garbage from trash can is full and XX removes garbage from trash can.
Manual of electronic appliance becomes read if manual of electronic appliance is unread and XX reads manual of electronic appliance.
The wall becomes colorful if the wall is bland and XX repaints it.
The washing machine becomes empty if the washing machine is full of clothes and XX unloads it.
The carpet becomes immaculate if the carpet is grungy and XX cleans it.
Large group becomes larger if large group is large and XX joins large group.
Sunglasses become worn if sunglasses are unworn and XX wears them.
The saucepan becomes clean if the saucepan is dirty and XX cleans it.
Pumpkin vegetable becomes eaten if pumpkin vegetable is uneaten and XX eats pumpkin vegetable.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Clothes in wardrobe becomes put away if clothes in wardrobe is clean and XX hangs clothes in wardrobe.
The cockroach becomes dead if anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach is alive and XX uses anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach.
Food to people becomes being eaten if food to people is serving and XX serves food to people.
The bolt becomes turned if the bolt is loose and XX tightens it.
Spelling of words becomes the right if spelling of words is wrong and XX corrects spelling of words.
Ac becomes on if ac is off and XX turns off ac.
Dog bone becomes eaten if dog bone is new and XX throws dog bone.
The overcoat becomes keeping one warm if the overcoat is hanging in closet and XX wears it.
Dusting cloth becomes wet if dusting cloth is dry and XX wets dusting cloth.
Toner cartridge becomes full if toner cartridge is empty and XX replaces toner cartridge.
The fire becomes extinguished if the fire is burning and XX puts out it.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
The soap dispenser becomes full if the soap dispenser is empty and XX refills it.
The person becomes guarded if the person is unguarded and XX guards him.
The cake becomes partial if the cake is complete and XX serves it.
The pet becomes full if the pet is hungry and XX feeds it.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Kitchen gas stove becomes lit if kitchen gas stove is unlit and XX lights kitchen gas stove.
The body spray becomes on the person if the body spray is in the can and XX uses it.
Warm clothes becomes worn if warm clothes is unworn and XX puts on warm clothes.
Plaid bowtie becomes wore if plaid bowtie is there and XX wears plaid bowtie.
Vino becomes old if vino is young and XX ages vino.
Dvd disk becomes in tray if dvd disk is in case and XX plays dvd disk.
Height of baby chair becomes just right if height of baby chair is too high and XX adjusts height of baby chair.
The lacquer becomes Polished if the lacquer is unpolished and XX Polishes it.
The computer game becomes on if the computer game is off and XX plays it.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes filled if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
Dishes become organized if dishes are cluttered and XX arranges them.
Night lamp becomes used if night lamp is unused and XX uses night lamp.
The television becomes on if cartoons are off and XX watches them.
The diaper becomes in the trash can if the diaper is on the baby and XX removes it.
Diamond in a safe place becomes the safe if diamond in a safe place is vulnerabl and XX stores diamond in a safe place.
The garlic becomes the energy if the garlic is food and XX consumes it.
Puncture of bicycle becomes unmened if puncture of bicycle is mended and XX mends puncture of bicycle.
Pair of reading glasses becomes in use if pair of reading glasses is stowed and XX puts on pair of reading glasses.
Children become satisfied if children are hungry and XX feeds them.
The cat becomes fed if the cat is hungry and XX feeds it.
The cracker becomes in mouth if the cracker is in plastic sleeve and XX eats it.
Lint trap becomes empty if lint trap is containing matter and XX cleans lint trap.
The cotton becomes dirty if the cotton is clean and XX uses it.
Jar of jam becomes open if jar of jam is closed and XX opens jar of jam.
Computer desk becomes clean if computer desk is messy and XX cleans computer desk.
The vehicle becomes on the street if the vehicle is in the driveway and XX drives it.
Diaper area using wet tissue becomes clean if diaper area using wet tissue is dirty and XX cleans diaper area using wet tissue.
Relatives become invited if relatives are uninvited and XX invites them.
Cowboy boots becomes tidy if cowboy boots is dirty and XX cleans cowboy boots.
The baby becomes quiet if the baby is crying and XX calms him.
Slice of pie becomes eaten if slice of pie is served and XX eats slice of pie.
The theft becomes reported if the theft is unreported and XX reports it.
Preservatives become preserving if preservatives are unused and XX adds them.
Foler becomes open if folder to pick out papers is closed and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
The leak becomes blocked if the leak is flowing and XX blocks it.
The receptionist becomes asked if the receptionist is unasked and XX asks him.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is whole and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
Keys become found if keys are lost and XX finds them.
Winter coat becomes dry if winter coat is wet and XX hangs winter coat.
The box becomes sealed if tape for sealing is open and XX uses tape for sealing.
The floppy disk becomes formatted if the floppy disk is unformatted and XX formats it.
Sticky flap becomes sticky if sticky flap is dry and XX moistens sticky flap.
Clothes hanger in the closet becomes hung in the closet if clothes hanger in the closet is not hung in the closet and XX keeps clothes hanger in the closet.
Toy bricks becomes arranged if toy bricks is unarranged and XX arranges toy bricks.
Door mat becomes dry if door mat is wet and XX dries door mat.
The fireplace becomes used if the fireplace is unused and XX uses it.
Wedge of cheese becomes eaten if wedge of cheese is available and XX eats wedge of cheese.
The meal becomes ready to eat if the meal is not prepared and XX prepares it.
The plumber becomes on duty if the plumber is off duty and XX calls him.
The person becomes acknowledged if the person is unacknowledged and XX congratulates him.
The bathroom becomes clean if the bathroom is dirty and XX cleans it.
Soft-drink can becomes valuable if soft-drink can is the junk and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Garbage from trash can becomes empty can if garbage from trash can is full can and XX removes garbage from trash can.
Pajama top becomes worn if pajama top with the pajama is folded and XX wears pajama top with the pajama.
The hair becomes neat if the hair is messy and XX combs it.
Wall calendar becomes new if wall calendar is old and XX replaces wall calendar.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX washes it.
Binoculars become stored if binoculars in cupboard is in use and XX keeps binoculars in cupboard.
Pair of socks becomes worn if pair of socks is not worn and XX wears pair of socks.
Power tool in tool box becomes used if power tool in tool box is useless and XX stores power tool in tool box.
First aid box with band aids and medicines becomes full if first aid box with band aids and medicines is empty and XX fills first aid box with band aids and medicines.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
The picture becomes reframed if the picture is framed and XX hangs it.
Toy bricks becomes tidy if toy bricks is scattered and XX cleans up toy bricks.
The stamp becomes stuck if the stamp is unstuck and XX sticks it.
The cassette becomes on if the cassette is off and XX plays it.
Phone receiver becomes being picked up if phone receiver is being down and XX picks up phone receiver.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
The recipe becomes needed if the recipe is useless and XX prepares it.
Spare tire becomes inflated if spare tire is the flat and XX inflates spare tire.
Dog biscuit to the pet dog becomes gone if dog biscuit to the pet dog is there and XX feeds dog biscuit to the pet dog.
The flashlight becomes on if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
Pair of pajamas becomes worn if pair of pajamas is unworn and XX wears pair of pajamas.
Toilet roll becomes full if toilet roll is empty and XX replaces toilet roll.
Night lamp becomes on if night lamp is off and XX turns on night lamp.
Software becomes installed if software is uninstalled and XX installs it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Pair of pants becomes ironed if pair of pants is not ironed and XX irons pair of pants.
The floor becomes sparkling if the floor is dirty and XX scrubs it.
The bag becomes closed if the bag is open and XX ties it.
The person becomes guarded if the person is unguarded and XX guards him.
The steak becomes digested if the steak is on the plate and XX eats it.
Socks become worn if socks are unworn and XX wears them.
The cell phone becomes being charged if the cell phone is not being charged and XX charges it.
The password becomes new if the password is old and XX changes it.
Earth globe becomes known if earth globe is unknown and XX studies earth globe.
Hair setting gel becomes used if hair setting gel is unused and XX applies hair setting gel.
The computer becomes off if windows are on and XX shuts down them.
The trumpet becomes loud if the trumpet is silent and XX blows it.
Computer monitor becomes turned off if computer monitor is turned on and XX turns off computer monitor.
Winter coat becomes hung up if winter coat is worn and XX hangs winter coat.
Food becomes eaten if food is untouched and XX eats it.
The bathtub becomes scrubbed if the bathtub is unscrubbed and XX scrubs it.
The glass becomes clean if the glass is dirty and XX washes it.
Money secure becomes secure if money secure is unsecure and XX keeps money secure.
The tree becomes tended if the tree is wild and XX takes care of it.
The gun becomes unloaded if gun before giving to children is loaded and XX unloads gun before giving to children.
Insect out of the room becomes out if insect out of the room is in and XX gets insect out of the room.
The puncture becomes repaired if the puncture is not repaired and XX repairs it.
Clothes peg becomes closed if clothes peg is open and XX attaches clothes peg.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Bunch of flowers becomes given as a present if bunch of flowers to someone is selected and XX gives bunch of flowers to someone.
Ceiling fan becomes functioning if ceiling fan is not functioning and XX turns on ceiling fan.
The shaving cream becomes used if the shaving cream is new and XX applies it.
The string becomes two pieces if the string is one piece and XX cuts it.
Baby seat becomes dry if baby seat is wet and XX dries baby seat.
Security tape becomes stuck if security tape is unstuck and XX pastes security tape.
Bottle of shampoo becomes open if bottle of shampoo is closed and XX uses bottle of shampoo.
Dusting cloth becomes wet if dusting cloth is dry and XX wets dusting cloth.
The baby becomes calm if baby calm is the upset and XX makes baby calm.
The cookie becomes eaten if the cookie is uneaten and XX eats it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX vacuums it.
The tub becomes filled if tub with water is empty and XX fills tub with water.
Scissors become put away if pair of scissors is out and XX puts away pair of scissors.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are drained and XX charges them.
Rain coat becomes worn by someone if rain coat is hanging in the closet and XX puts on rain coat.
Ed portable heater becomes not so hot if portable heater is hot and XX turns down portable heater.
Drinks become mixed if drinks are separate and XX mixes them.
Table legs becomes even if table legs is wobbly and XX levels table legs.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
Can of food becomes opened if can of food is unopened and XX opens can of food.
The footwear becomes worn if the footwear is unworn and XX wears it.
Vcd player becomes off if vcd player is on and XX turns off vcd player.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
The knife becomes away if the knife is out and XX puts away it.
Room in hotel becomes reserved if room in hotel is free and XX books room in hotel.
Vegetables become pieces if vegetables are solid and XX grinds them.
The drivers license becomes new if the drivers license is old and XX renews it.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
The flashlight becomes the ton if the flashlight is off and XX uses it.
Water supply tap becomes off if water supply tap is on and XX shuts off water supply tap.
Potted plant becomes moist if potted plant is dry and XX waters potted plant.
Valuables become secure if valuables at safer place is insecure and XX stores valuables at safer place.
The door becomes open if door of car is closed and XX opens door of car.
Pile of papers becomes thrown if pile of papers is not thrown and XX throws pile of papers.
Bottle cap becomes tight if bottle cap is loose and XX tightens bottle cap.
Next page becomes read if next page is unread and XX reads next page.
Date stamp becomes inked if date stamp is not inked and XX inks date stamp.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
The notebook becomes owned if the notebook is unowned and XX gets it.
Batteries into the charger becomes charged if batteries into the charger is uncharged and XX puts batteries into the charger.
Fresh bed sheets becomes dirty if fresh bed sheets is fresh and XX spreads fresh bed sheets.
Connections become checked if connections are unchecked and XX checks them.
Baritone brass instrument becomes played if baritone brass instrument is unplayed and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Letter from mailbox becomes read if letter from mailbox is not yet read and XX takes out letter from mailbox.
Clothes peg becomes attached if clothes peg is unattached and XX attaches clothes peg.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
Garbage bag becomes removed if garbage bag is not removed and XX removes garbage bag.
Important papers becomes seen if important papers is unseen and XX prints out important papers.
The child becomes supervised if the child is unsupervised and XX watches him.
The whisky becomes in the person if the whisky is in the bottle and XX drinks it.
The diamond becomes secure if diamond in a safe place is insecure and XX stores diamond in a safe place.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX hits it.
Bottle of ketchup becomes free-flowing if bottle of ketchup is congealed and XX shakes bottle of ketchup.
The air conditioner becomes active if the air conditioner is inactive and XX turns on it.
Videotape becomes used if film in videotape is unused and XX records film in videotape.
White board becomes blank if white board is full of writing and XX wipes off white board.
Nails become trimmed if nails are rough and XX cuts them.
The address becomes updated if the address is out of date and XX updates it.
Light fixture becomes dard if light fixture is light and XX turns off light fixture.
Door bell button becomes the bell if door bell button is the door and XX pushes door bell button.
Broken frame becomes unbroken if broken frame is broken and XX repairs broken frame.
The commode becomes used if the commode is unused and XX uses it.
The coconut becomes broke open if the coconut is unbroken and XX breaks open it.
The banana becomes eaten if the banana is uneaten and XX eats it.
Diaper pail becomes empty if diaper pail is full and XX empties diaper pail.
Hair setting gel becomes used if hair setting gel is unused and XX applies hair setting gel.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX mops it.
Slice of watermelon becomes being eaten if slice of watermelon is not being eated and XX eats slice of watermelon.
Washbasin becomes clean if washbasin is dirty and XX wipes washbasin.
Diamond jewelery becomes worn if diamond jewelery is unworn and XX wears diamond jewelery.
The orange juice becomes juiced if the orange juice is whole fruit and XX makes it.
Oncoming traffic becomes watched if oncoming traffic is not watched and XX watches oncoming traffic.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX swats it.
Cooked food becomes served if cooked food is prepared and XX provides cooked food.
The sandwich becomes eaten if the sandwich is fresh and XX eats it.
Clothes to charity becomes donated if clothes to charity is undonated and XX donates clothes to charity.
The bin becomes closed if the bin is open and XX closes it.
The aspirin becomes disposed of if the aspirin is in the cabinet and XX discards it.
The kettle becomes hot if the kettle is cold and XX heats it.
The food processor becomes cleaned if food processor after use is uncleaned and XX cleans food processor after use.
Baby food becomes prepared if baby food is unprepared and XX prepares baby food.
Blocks become organized if blocks are disorgaized and XX arranges them.
The table becomes covered if table cloth on the table is uncovered and XX places table cloth on the table.
Bunch of flowers to someone becomes other s if bunch of flowers to someone is one s and XX presents bunch of flowers to someone.
Spaghetti becomes eaten if spaghetti is uneaten and XX eats it.
Water sprinkler becomes functioning if water sprinkler is non functioning and XX installs water sprinkler.
Bread becomes sliced bread if bread is whole loaf and XX slices it.
Coffeemaker becomes on if coffeemaker is off and XX turns on coffeemaker.
Tableware in dishwasher becomes clean if tableware in dishwasher is dirty and XX washes tableware in dishwasher.
The fish becomes tasted if the fish is untasted and XX tastes it.
Oil lamp becomes on if oil lamp is off and XX burns oil lamp.
Slippers become worn if slippers are unused and XX wears them.
Paper weight on important documents becomes used if paper weight on important documents is unused and XX places paper weight on important documents.
The stencil becomes being used if the stencil is not being used and XX uses it.
The cranberry juice becomes in my mouth if the cranberry juice is in the glass and XX drinks it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
Brakes become tightened if brakes are loose and XX tightens them.
Shaving foam becomes on face if shaving foam is in container and XX applies shaving foam.
Wine becomes open if wine is uncorked and XX drinks it.
The payment becomes charged if the payment is uncharged and XX charges it.
The tuxedo becomes cxlean if the tuxedo is dirty and XX dry-cleans it.
Child's chair becomes straight if child's chair is crooked and XX adjusts child's chair.
The person becomes skinny if the exercise is fat and XX does it.
Computer files onto disks becomes used if computer files onto disks is unused and XX copies computer files onto disks.
The friend becomes noticed if the friend is ignored and XX welcomes him.
Grass becomes short if grass is long and XX trims it.
Art book with glue becomes full if art book with glue is empty and XX pastes art book with glue.
Sheet of paper becomes discarded if sheet of paper is held and XX throws away sheet of paper.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
The camera becomes straight if camera tripod is angled and XX levels camera tripod.
Table legs becomes sturdy if table legs is unsturdy and XX levels table legs.
The postage becomes on the envelope if the postage is in the stamp booklet and XX affixes it.
Dirty clothes becomes clean if dirty clothes is dirty and XX carries dirty clothes.
Broken frame becomes in the trash if broken frame is in use and XX discards broken frame.
Clean clothes becomes used if clean clothes is clean and XX wears clean clothes.
The meal becomes eaten if the meal is uneaten and XX eats it.
The fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is raw and XX cooks filet of fish.
Tv shows become interesting if tv shows are unknown and XX watches them.
Ice becomes frozen if ice is not frozen and XX freezes it.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
The flashlight becomes recharged if the flashlight is discharged and XX charges it.
The bulletin board becomes used if the bulletin board is not used and XX updates it.
The filter becomes free if the filter is clogged and XX cleans it.
Baby in arms becomes moving if baby in arms is still and XX swings baby in arms.
Water becomes clean if water is dirty and XX filters it.
The butterfly becomes observed if the butterfly is unobserved and XX watches it.
Vino becomes old if vino is young and XX ages vino.
Garbage bag in garbage can becomes empty if garbage bag in garbage can is full and XX empties garbage bag in garbage can.
Video game becomes played if video game is unplayed and XX plays video game.
The flashlight becomes off if the flashlight is on and XX uses it.
Table cover on table becomes the room if table cover on table is the room and XX spreads table cover on table.
The umbrella becomes dry if umbrella out to dry is wet and XX sets umbrella out to dry.
Paper roll becomes short if paper roll is long and XX rolls paper roll.
The houseplant becomes wet if the houseplant is dry and XX waters it.
The soccer ball becomes in motion if the soccer ball is stationary and XX kicks it.
Cable company for cable connection becomes busy if cable company for cable connection is waiting and XX calls cable company for cable connection.
The hanger becomes straight if the hanger is bent and XX straightens it.
Coke in refrigerator becomes cold if coke in refrigerator is room temperature and XX puts coke in refrigerator.
The spider web becomes unspun if the spider web is spun and XX sweeps it.
First aid box in drawer becomes hidden if first aid box in drawer is visible and XX keeps first aid box in drawer.
Glass of window becomes clean if glass of window is dirty and XX cleans glass of window.
Stove burner becomes new if stove burner is old and XX replaces stove burner.
The tooth becomes a source of relief if the tooth is causing pain and XX removes it.
The rug becomes cleaner if area rug is dirty and XX vacuums area rug.
The filter becomes clean if the filter is dirty and XX cleans it.
The text becomes cursive writing if the text is the text and XX writes it.
The steering wheel becomes controlled if the steering wheel is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
The pocket becomes repaired if the pocket is torn and XX stitches it.
The number becomes dialed if the number is not dialed and XX dials it.
The crib becomes clean if the crib is dirty and XX tidies it.
Broken frame becomes fixed if broken frame is broken and XX repairs broken frame.
Nail file becomes sharp if nail file is dull and XX sharpens nail file.
The volume becomes blaring if volume control is hushed and XX raises volume control.
Pair of glasses becomes new and unbroken if pair of glasses is old and broken and XX replaces pair of glasses.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
Lint screen becomes empty if lint screen is full and XX empties lint screen.
Lenses with a clean piece of cloth becomes dirty if lenses with a clean piece of cloth is clean and XX cleans lenses with a clean piece of cloth.
The back pack becomes carried if the back pack is the left and XX loads it.
Teeth become clean if teeth are dirty and XX brushes them.
The flute becomes assembled if the flute is in the case and XX plays it.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
Slippers become used if slippers are not used and XX wears them.
The baton becomes Polished if the baton is dirty and XX Polishes it.
The car becomes moving if the car is stationary and XX drives it.
Tv programme becomes watched if tv programme is unwatched and XX watches tv programme.
Flour container with flour becomes fill if flour container with flour is empty and XX fills flour container with flour.
The humidifier becomes operational if the humidifier is inoperational and XX uses it.
Pumpkin at halloween becomes carved if pumpkin at halloween is whole and XX carves pumpkin at halloween.
The valve becomes open if the valve is closed and XX opens it.
Pieces of glass from the floor becomes being elsewhere if pieces of glass from the floor is being on the floor and XX sweeps pieces of glass from the floor.
Roll of film for processing becomes processed if roll of film for processing is unprocessed and XX gives roll of film for processing.
Discman becomes on if discman to stereo is off and XX connects discman to stereo.
The bag becomes mended if the bag is torn and XX stitches it.
The soccer ball becomes in the air if the soccer ball is on the ground and XX kicks it.
Mower to mow the lawn becomes operated if mower to mow the lawn is unoperated and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
Jewelry chest becomes closed if jewelry chest is open and XX closes jewelry chest.
The hutch becomes unsafe if the hutch is the safe and XX unlocks it.
Photo reel becomes developed if photo reel is undeveloped and XX develops photo reel.
The movie becomes played if the movie is unplayed and XX watches it.
Pair of jeans becomes dirty if pair of jeans is clean and XX wears pair of jeans.
The kitchen becomes clean if the kitchen is dirty and XX cleans up it.
The shoelace becomes tied if the shoelace is untied and XX ties it.
Garbage becomes the outdoors if garbage is indoors and XX takes out it.
Vise grips becomes tight if vise grips is loose and XX tightens vise grips.
Letter from mailbox becomes out of the box if letter from mailbox is in the box and XX takes out letter from mailbox.
Copying machine becomes full if copying machine is empty and XX refills copying machine.
Bike helmet becomes the state if bike helmet is the state and XX puts on bike helmet.
The birthday cake becomes eaten if the birthday cake is whole and XX eats it.
The diskette becomes full if the diskette is empty and XX fills up it.
The furniture becomes new place if the furniture is the old place and XX moves it.
The omelette becomes served if the omelette is prepared and XX serves it.
Entire spill becomes cleaned up if entire spill is spread out and XX wipes up entire spill.
The log becomes hot if the log is cold and XX burns it.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX uses it.
The wound becomes clean if the wound is dirty and XX dresses it.
Pajama bottom becomes worn if pajama bottom is not worn and XX wears pajama bottom.
Paint becomes dry if paint is wet and XX applies it.
The commode becomes used if the commode is unused and XX uses it.
Flowers become plucked if flowers are planted and XX plucks them.
Hair setting gel becomes used if hair setting gel is unused and XX applies hair setting gel.
Roll of toilet paper becomes full if roll of toilet paper is empty and XX fills roll of toilet paper.
The envelope becomes sealed if the envelope is open and XX seals it.
Identity of the visitor becomes identified if identity of the visitor is anonymous and XX asks identity of the visitor.
Pearl necklace becomes being stored if pearl necklace in locker is lying about and XX keeps pearl necklace in locker.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is wet and XX dries piece of wood.
The piano becomes making music if the piano is not used and XX plays it.
Flower basket becomes woven if flower basket is unwoven and XX weaves flower basket.
The sickle becomes sharp if the sickle is dull and XX sharpens it.
Red pepper becomes eaten if red pepper is uneaten and XX eats red pepper.
The envelope becomes sealed if the envelope is unsealed and XX seals it.
The shoelace becomes loose if the shoelace is tight and XX opens it.
Dog biscuit to the pet dog becomes gone if dog biscuit to the pet dog is there and XX feeds dog biscuit to the pet dog.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX entertains him.
Glasses become being worn if glasses are not being worn and XX wears them.
Pages become incomplete if pages are intact and XX clips them.
The envelope becomes closed if the envelope is open and XX seals it.
The house plant becomes trashed if the house plant is existing and XX throws away it.
The inkwell becomes filled if inkwell with ink is unfilled and XX fills inkwell with ink.
The job becomes working if the job is working and XX performs it.
The coconut becomes eaten if the coconut is whole and XX uses it.
Pair of gloves becomes being worn if pair of gloves is not being worn and XX wears pair of gloves.
Oriental rug becomes clean if oriental rug is dirty and XX vacuums oriental rug.
The houseplant becomes healthy if the houseplant is dying and XX waters it.
Flashlight in the dark becomes on if flashlight in the dark is off and XX carries flashlight in the dark.
Vcd player to play movie becomes used if vcd player to play movie is unused and XX operates vcd player to play movie.
Floppy drive becomes installed if floppy drive is uninstalled and XX inserts floppy drive.
The child becomes entertained if the child is not entertained and XX entertains him.
Stepstool becomes used if stepstool is unused and XX steps on stepstool.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
Vegetables become chopped if vegetables are whole and XX chops them.
Hiking boots become clean if hiking boots are muddy and XX cleans them.
The diaper becomes disposed if the diaper is undisposed and XX disposes it.
Clean dishes becomes put away if clean dishes is not put away and XX puts away clean dishes.
The bedsheet becomes being on the bed if the bedsheet is being in closet and XX uses it.
The plant becomes watered if the plant is unwatered and XX waters it.
Coffee pot becomes full if coffee pot is empty and XX fills coffee pot.
The letter becomes opened if the letter is unopened and XX opens it.
The pea becomes chewed up if the pea is whole and XX eats it.
The burner becomes on if the burner is off and XX lights it.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dirty and XX cleans it.
Batteries after use in trash bin becomes trashed if batteries after use in trash bin is untrashed and XX disposes batteries after use in trash bin.
The artist becomes thanked if the artist is unthanked and XX thanks him.
The cake becomes eaten if the cake is uneaten and XX eats it.
Clean clothes becomes dirty if clean clothes is clean and XX wears clean clothes.
The hinge becomes quiet if the hinge is squeaky and XX lubricates it.
The flame becomes low if the flame is high and XX lowers it.
The luggage becomes being carried if the luggage is on the ground and XX lifts it.
The antenna becomes effective if the antenna is not effective and XX adjusts it.
Flip-flop becomes worn if flip-flop is unworn and XX wears flip-flop.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is damp and XX dries out bath mat.
Napkins become disposed if napkins are undisposed and XX disposes them.
New business cards printed becomes printed if new business cards printed is not printed and XX gets new business cards printed.
The coin becomes picked if the coin is unpicked and XX picks up it.
The knife becomes used if the knife is unused and XX handles it.
Box of detergent becomes new if box of detergent is empty and XX replaces box of detergent.
Piece of wood becomes dry if piece of wood is wet and XX dries piece of wood.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The screw becomes tightened if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
Guitar strap becomes adjusted if guitar strap is unadjusted and XX adjusts guitar strap.
The keyboard becomes playing if the keyboard is idle and XX plays it.
Stamps with glue becomes wet if stamps with glue is dry and XX sticks stamps with glue.
The trumpet becomes played if the trumpet is unplayed and XX blows it.
The damper becomes close if the damper is open and XX closes it.
Batteries become full if batteries are dead and XX recharges them.
The cake becomes served if the cake is not served and XX serves it.
Copy machine to copy a paper becomes the cut if copy machine to copy a paper is the copy and XX uses copy machine to copy a paper.
Beer bottle becomes open if beer bottle with opener is closed and XX opens beer bottle with opener.
Dishes become dirtier if dirty dishes in dishwasher is dirty and XX keeps dirty dishes in dishwasher.
Dishes in dishwasher becomes clean if dishes in dishwasher is unclean and XX puts dishes in dishwasher.
Mechanical pencil becomes full if mechanical pencil is empty and XX refills mechanical pencil.
The craft becomes known if the craft is unkown and XX learns it.
The house becomes secure if the house is unsecure and XX locks it.
Height of baby chair becomes adjusted if height of baby chair is not adjusted and XX adjusts height of baby chair.
Bottle of beer becomes cool if bottle of beer is warm and XX cools bottle of beer.
Book in hands becomes in the hands if book in hands is on the surface and XX picks book in hands.
Clothes become folded if clothes are unfolded and XX folds them.
The bookshelf becomes clean if the bookshelf is dirty and XX cleans it.
Gravy bowl with gravy becomes full if gravy bowl with gravy is empty and XX fills gravy bowl with gravy.
The gown becomes worn if the gown is unworn and XX wears it.
Files in safe place becomes the safe if files in safe place is insecure and XX keeps files in safe place.
Basket ball becomes bouncing if basket ball is in my hands and XX bounces basket ball.
Citronella candle becomes burning if citronella candle is extinguished and XX lights citronella candle.
The meal becomes prepared if the meal is nonexistent and XX prepares it.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
The musical instrument becomes tuned if the musical instrument is untuned and XX tunes it.
Daiquiri becomes cold if daiquiri is cool and XX chills daiquiri.
The lamp becomes dim if the lamp is bright and XX dims it.
Rain coat becomes used if rain coat is not used and XX puts on rain coat.
Plaid bowtie becomes being worn if plaid bowtie is not being worn and XX wears plaid bowtie.
Drink in the glass becomes empty if drink in the glass is full and XX pours drink in the glass.
The server becomes working if the server is idle and XX restarts him.
The bee becomes dead if the bee is alive and XX kills it.
Mechanical pencil becomes having lead in it if mechanical pencil is being empty of lead and XX refills mechanical pencil.
Digital disc player becomes soft if digital disc player is loud and XX turns down digital disc player.
The suit becomes mended if the suit is torn and XX stitches it.
Toys to children for playing becomes given if toys to children for playing is not given and XX gives toys to children for playing.
The diamond becomes secure if diamond in a safe place is insecure and XX stores diamond in a safe place.
Teddy in children's room becomes happy if teddy in children's room is lonely and XX keeps teddy in children's room.
The envelope becomes sealed if envelope using glue is unsealed and XX closes envelope using glue.
Paper tray becomes full if papers in paper tray is empty and XX keeps papers in paper tray.
The front door becomes open if the front door is closed and XX opens it.
The load becomes balanced if the load is unbalanced and XX balances it.
Bedsheets become clean if bedsheets are dirty and XX changes them.
Trash bag becomes outside the building if trash bag is inside the building and XX takes out trash bag.
Exercise machine before exercising becomes adjusted if exercise machine before exercising is unadjusted and XX adjusts exercise machine before exercising.
Cabinets become closed if cabinets are open and XX closes them.
The filter becomes replaced if the filter is not replaced and XX replaces it.
Toys become clean if toys are dirty and XX cleans them.
Dusting cloth becomes wet if dusting cloth is dry and XX wets dusting cloth.
Post-it note becomes read if post-it note is unread and XX reads post-it note.
Presents become recieved if presents are given and XX appreciates them.
The lid becomes shut if scanner's lid is open and XX closes scanner's lid.
The notepad becomes in my hands if the notepad is on the table and XX gets it.
The computer becomes being off if the computer is running and XX turns off it.
The dirt becomes collected if the dirt is scattered and XX collects it.
House coat becomes clean if house coat is dirty and XX washes house coat.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Bedsheets become fresh if bedsheets are soiled and XX replaces them.
Side dish becomes eaten if side dish is not eaten and XX eats side dish.
The camera becomes on if the camera is off and XX turns on it.
Safety pads becomes wet if safety pads is dry and XX wears safety pads.
Roll of camera becomes non functional if roll of camera is working properly and XX takes out roll of camera.
Dishes become clean if dishes are dirty and XX tidies up them.
On button of vcr becomes fixed if on button of vcr is broken and XX fixes on button of vcr.
Clothes become given away if clothes to charity is in one's closet and XX donates clothes to charity.
The buckle becomes fastened if the buckle is loose and XX ties it.
The lawn becomes clipped if mower to mow the lawn is overgrown and XX operates mower to mow the lawn.
Tub with water becomes wet if tub with water is dry and XX fills tub with water.
The spider web becomes unspun if the spider web is spun and XX sweeps it.
Power cord in electricity outlet becomes useful if power cord in electricity outlet is useless and XX plugs power cord in electricity outlet.
Grapes in refrigerator becomes cold if grapes in refrigerator is warm and XX stores grapes in refrigerator.
The lid becomes unscrewed if the lid is screwed and XX unscrews it.
Wedge of cheese becomes in the tummy if wedge of cheese is existing and XX eats wedge of cheese.
Piece of cheese becomes non-existant if piece of cheese is whole and XX eats piece of cheese.
The ball becomes moving if the ball is still and XX bounces it.
The cut becomes uncovered if band aid from the cut is covered and XX removes band aid from the cut.
The knife becomes put away if the knife is there and XX puts away it.
Toothpaste tube becomes squeezed if the toothpaste is unsqueezed and XX squeezes it.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
The briefcase becomes full if the briefcase is empty and XX loads it.
Flowers become the decoration if flowers are growing and XX plucks them.
The croissant becomes the mush if the croissant is solid and XX eats it.
The restaurant becomes budy if the restaurant is quiet and XX calls it.
Grapes become the flat if grapes are round and XX squashes them.
Dodgeball becomes in motion if dodgeball is still and XX kicks dodgeball.
Rules of sports becomes false if rules of sports is true and XX follows rules of sports.
The child becomes joyfull if bathtime enjoying is crying and XX makes bathtime enjoying.
Fresh carrot before making salad becomes clean if fresh carrot before making salad is the dirt and XX washes fresh carrot before making salad.
Chess becomes active if chess is inactive and XX plays it.
The receiver becomes on th phone if receiver back on the phone is in the  hand and XX puts receiver back on the phone.
The cake becomes eaten if the cake is a piece and XX eats it.
Ball back becomes kicked if ball back is not kicked and XX kicks ball back.
Mail sorter becomes empty if mail sorter is full and XX empties mail sorter.
The suitcase becomes packed if the suitcase is empty and XX packs it.
The screw becomes tightened if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
Hello becomes being said if it is not being said and XX says it.
The craft becomes made if the craft is planned and XX makes it.
The pole becomes used if pole to clean pool is unused and XX uses pole to clean pool.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
Door of refrigerator becomes opened if door of refrigerator is closed and XX opens door of refrigerator.
Modem connection becomes checked if modem connection is unchecked and XX checks modem connection.
The birthday becomes celebrated if the birthday is uncelebrated and XX celebrates it.
Food becomes cooked if food is uncooked and XX cooks it.
Flour container with flour becomes full if flour container with flour is empty and XX fills flour container with flour.
Contact lenses with wet tissue becomes bad if contact lenses with wet tissue is good and XX wipes contact lenses with wet tissue.
Music becomes soft if music is loud and XX turns down it.
Bulb of halogen desk lamp becomes working if bulb of halogen desk lamp is burnt out and XX replaces bulb of halogen desk lamp.
Lawn chair before sitting becomes clean if lawn chair before sitting is dusty and XX dusts lawn chair before sitting.
The presentation becomes prepared if the presentation is not ready and XX prepares it.
Computer monitor becomes turned off if computer monitor is running and XX turns off computer monitor.
Flowers become dead if flowers are alive and XX plucks them.
Filet of fish becomes cooked if filet of fish is uncooked and XX cooks filet of fish.
Ink becomes refilled if ink is empty and XX refills it.
The ring becomes being worn if the ring is being in a box and XX wears it.
The hand becomes unshaken if the hand is shaken and XX shakes it.
The reception desk becomes clean if the reception desk is dirty and XX cleans it.
Wrapped gift becomes delivered if wrapped gift is not deliver and XX delivers wrapped gift.
Bandaid becomes discarded if bandaid is covering a wound and XX peels off bandaid.
Tape for sealing becomes used if tape for sealing is unused and XX uses tape for sealing.
Soft-drink can becomes reusable material if soft-drink can is garbage and XX recycles soft-drink can.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX vacuums it.
Computer monitor becomes not drawing current if computer monitor is drawing current and XX turns off computer monitor.
The safe becomes locked if the safe is unlocked and XX locks it.
The bathtub becomes clean if the bathtub is dirty and XX scrubs it.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX hugs him.
The bib becomes clean if the bib is dirty and XX cleans it.
The dishwasher becomes empty if the dishwasher is full and XX empties it.
Puncture of bicycle becomes unmened if puncture of bicycle is mended and XX mends puncture of bicycle.
Oncoming traffic becomes previsible if oncoming traffic is dangerous and XX watches oncoming traffic.
Milk becomes less full if milk is full and XX drinks it.
The sock becomes absent if the sock is the present and XX removes it.
The coin becomes flipped if the coin is immobile and XX flips it.
Painting becomes hung if painting is sitting and XX puts up it.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
Phone bill becomes verified if phone bill is unverified and XX checks phone bill.
The person becomes secure if 911 is scared and XX calls 911.
Glasswares become stored if glasswares in the cupboard is unstored and XX keeps glasswares in the cupboard.
Insulation panel becomes touched if insulation panel is untouched and XX touches insulation panel.
Wine becomes empty if wine is full and XX drinks it.
Important document becomes protected if important document is unprotected and XX preserves important document.
The orange becomes pealed if the orange is unpealed and XX peels it.
Flowers become enjoyed if flowers are ignored and XX enjoys them.
The costume becomes clean if the costume is dirty and XX washes it.
Vino becomes in the tummy if vino is in the glass and XX drinks vino.
People become calm if people are unnerved and XX calms down them.
Travel brochure becomes read if travel brochure is unread and XX reads travel brochure.
Dirty clothes becomes picked up if dirty clothes is on the floor and XX picks dirty clothes.
Lid of the milk carton becomes closed if lid of the milk carton is open and XX closes lid of the milk carton.
The hair becomes neat if the hair is messy and XX combs it.
The cutting board becomes disinfected if the cutting board is infected and XX sterilizes it.
The stamp becomes sticky if the stamp is dry and XX sticks it.
Pants become ironed if pants before wearing is unironed and XX irons pants before wearing.
Screen door becomes shut if screen door is open and XX closes screen door.
The riddle becomes heard if the riddle is unheard and XX hears it.
Water becomes draining if drain plug is standing and XX opens drain plug.
Candy bowl becomes full again if candy bowl with candy is nearly empty and XX fills candy bowl with candy.
The scrambled egg becomes the inside if the scrambled egg is outside and XX eats it.
The lawn becomes groomed if the lawn is overgrown and XX mows it.
Blackboard before use becomes clean if blackboard before use is dirty and XX erases blackboard before use.
Food becomes served if food is unserved and XX serves it.
Glass of milk becomes empty if glass of milk is full and XX drinks glass of milk.
Lighting becomes bright if lighting is dim and XX increases it.
Ball of string becomes messy if ball of string is neat and XX unrolls ball of string.
The mantle becomes clean if the mantle is dusty and XX dusts it.
The meat grinder becomes being unclean if the meat grinder is being clean and XX operates it.
Piece of cake becomes the cut if piece of cake is uncut and XX serves piece of cake.
The urinal becomes dirty if the urinal is clean and XX uses it.
The flashlight becomes charged if the flashlight is uncharged and XX charges it.
Gloves become worn if gloves are unworn and XX wears them.
The person becomes guarded if the person is unguarded and XX guards him.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is unclean and XX vacuums it.
The coconut becomes broken if the coconut is intact and XX breaks open it.
Food becomes covered if food is exposed and XX covers it.
Curtains become up if curtains are down and XX raises them.
Boxes become full if boxes are empty and XX fills them.
The fireplace becomes clean if the fireplace is filled with ashes and XX cleans it.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries bath mat.
The cutting board becomes sterilized if the cutting board is not sterilized and XX sterilizes it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes used if baritone brass instrument is unused and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Laundry hamper becomes empty if laundry hamper is full and XX empties laundry hamper.
The spider web becomes gone if the spider web is everywhere and XX sweeps it.
Ed portable heater becomes not so hot if portable heater is hot and XX turns down portable heater.
The vegetable becomes eaten if the vegetable is uneaten and XX eats it.
Daiquiri becomes chilled if daiquiri in refrigerator is room temperature and XX puts daiquiri in refrigerator.
Garbage bag becomes empty if garbage bag is full and XX empties garbage bag.
Baby's bib becomes clean if baby's bib is dirty and XX washes baby's bib.
Boxing bag becomes tight if boxing bag is loose and XX tightens boxing bag.
Pane of glass becomes clean if pane of glass is dirty and XX cleans pane of glass.
The ball becomes in one's hands if the ball is on the floor and XX picks up it.
Food in bulk becomes purchased if food in bulk is on sale and XX buys food in bulk.
Bath mat becomes dry if bath mat is wet and XX dries out bath mat.
Child's cup becomes full if child's cup is empty and XX fills child's cup.
Spare tire becomes full if spare tire is empty and XX inflates spare tire.
Shoes become being worn if shoes are not being worn and XX wears them.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
Fuel level becomes noted if fuel level is unnoticed and XX checks fuel level.
The lawn becomes watered if the lawn is dry and XX waters it.
Body's odour becomes the offensive if the garlic is normal and XX consumes it.
Clothes to charity becomes helpful and used if clothes to charity is unused and XX donates clothes to charity.
The fly becomes dead if the fly is alive and XX kills it.
The cell phone becomes used if cell phone number is unused and XX dials cell phone number.
Toy bricks becomes built if toy bricks is collapsed and XX arranges toy bricks.
Salad becomes eaten if salad is uneaten and XX eats it.
The house becomes locked if the house is unlocked and XX locks it.
Gift box becomes wrapped if gift box is unwrapped and XX wraps gift box.
Family photo album becomes seen if family photo album is unseen and XX shows family photo album.
Foler becomes open if folder to pick out papers is closed and XX opens folder to pick out papers.
The cake becomes eaten if the cake is uneaten and XX eats it.
Tablet pc becomes active if tablet pc is idle and XX uses tablet pc.
Floppy into the floppy drive becomes full if floppy into the floppy drive is empty and XX inserts floppy into the floppy drive.
The telephone becomes picked up if the telephone is not picked up and XX picks it.
Postcard from vacation becomes received if postcard from vacation is sent and XX sends postcard from vacation.
Portable heater becomes used if portable heater is unused and XX turns down portable heater.
Drapes become closed if drapes are open and XX closes them.
The candle becomes liquid if the candle is the wax and XX lights it.
Laundry softener becomes filled if laundry softener is empty and XX refills laundry softener.
Soft-drink can becomes the resource if soft-drink can is the trash and XX recycles soft-drink can.
The computer becomes on if the computer is off and XX turns on it.
The seat belt becomes fastened if the seat belt is unfastened and XX fastens it.
The car becomes filled if the tank is unfilled and XX fills it.
Dishes become being stored if dishes are lying about and XX puts away them.
Electric razor becomes being used if electric razor is being unused and XX uses electric razor.
The paintbrush becomes dry if the paintbrush is wet and XX dries it.
Crushed pop can becomes the trash if crushed pop can is out of the trash and XX throws away crushed pop can.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is soiled and XX scrubs it.
The hair dryer becomes unpowered if the hair dryer is powered and XX unplugs it.
Wrinkles become not existing if wrinkles out is existing and XX irons wrinkles out.
Framed picture on wall becomes straightened if framed picture on wall is crooked and XX straightens framed picture on wall.
The bed becomes neat if the bed is messy and XX makes it.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is dirty and XX scrubs it.
The scrambled egg becomes eaten if the scrambled egg is uneaten and XX eats it.
Pieces of glass becomes swept up if pieces of glass from the floor is on the floor and XX sweeps pieces of glass from the floor.
The christmas tree becomes pretty if the christmas tree is the plain and XX decorates it.
Windows become closed if windows are open and XX closes them.
The stuffed animal becomes clean if the stuffed animal is dirty and XX washes it.
The bell becomes ringing if the bell is not ringing and XX answers it.
The belt becomes unclasped if the belt is clasped and XX opens it.
The cantaloupe becomes eaten if the cantaloupe is whole and XX eats it.
The orange becomes eaten if the orange is whole and XX eats it.
Child's toy becomes cleaned if child's toy is uncleaned and XX cleans child's toy.
The buckle becomes tied if the buckle is not tied and XX ties it.
The person becomes having phone call if the person is not having phone call and XX calls him.
Children's bed room becomes clean if children's bed room is messy and XX cleans children's bed room.
Hair dresser machine becomes in use if hair dresser machine is not in use and XX uses hair dresser machine.
The lid becomes down if the lid is up and XX closes it.
Garbage bag in garbage can becomes empty if garbage bag in garbage can is filled and XX empties garbage bag in garbage can.
The scorpion becomes the location if the scorpion is the location and XX avoids it.
Curtains become opened if curtains are closed and XX opens them.
The bedsheet becomes on the bed if the bedsheet is off the bed and XX places it.
The notepad becomes in hand if the notepad is lying around and XX gets it.
The costume becomes worn if the costume is unworn and XX wears it.
The cloth becomes clean if the cloth is dirty and XX washes it.
The screw becomes tight if the screw is loose and XX tightens it.
The tank becomes full if the tank is empty and XX fills it.
Card table becomes clean if card table is dirty and XX tidies card table.
Slice of bread becomes eaten if slice of bread is uneaten and XX eats slice of bread.
Sugar becomes in the cereal if sugar is in the bag and XX adds it.
The commode becomes unplugged if the commode is plugged and XX plunges it.
Soil from the floor becomes clean if soil from the floor is dirty and XX wipes soil from the floor.
Pair of baby shoes becomes discarded if pair of baby shoes is in use and XX replaces pair of baby shoes.
Belt of  treadmill becomes hard if belt of  treadmill is easy and XX adjusts belt of  treadmill.
The person becomes happy if the person is sad and XX entertains him.
The tree becomes wet if the tree is dry and XX waters it.
The record album becomes played if the record album is unplayed and XX plays it.
The baby becomes sitting if high chair to place a baby is crawling and XX uses high chair to place a baby.
Ice becomes small if ice is large and XX crushes it.
Creases become absent if creases are the present and XX irons out them.
The jelly becomes digested if the jelly is uneaten and XX eats it.
Baby seat becomes clean if baby seat before placing baby is dirty and XX cleans baby seat before placing baby.
The telephone becomes on the hook if the telephone is off the hook and XX hangs up it.
The magazine becomes read if the magazine is not read and XX reads it.
Dog dish to dog becomes empty if dog dish to dog is full and XX feeds dog dish to dog.
The desk becomes tidy if the desk is messy and XX arranges it.
Wrapped gift becomes wrapped if wrapped gift is unwrapped and XX delivers wrapped gift.
The wound becomes bandaged if the wound is open and XX bandages it.
Batteries become the charge if batteries are uncharged and XX charges them.
Wax candle becomes lit if wax candle is unlit and XX lights wax candle.
Laundry hamper becomes empty if laundry hamper is full and XX empties laundry hamper.
The coffee table becomes used if the coffee table is unused and XX uses it.
The cushion becomes clean if the cushion is dirty and XX washes it.
Pancake with butter becomes consumed if pancake with butter is prepared and XX serves pancake with butter.
Food becomes liquid if food is solid and XX eats it.
Soft-drink can becomes recycled if soft-drink can is consumed and XX recycles soft-drink can.
Fresh carrot becomes eaten if fresh carrot is left alone and XX eats fresh carrot.
Coffee becomes served if coffee to person is unserved and XX serves coffee to person.
Boxes become full if boxes are empty and XX fills them.
Letter envelope becomes open if letter envelope with hands is sealed and XX tears letter envelope with hands.
The camera becomes straight if camera tripod is angled and XX levels camera tripod.
Pool table in game room becomes clean if pool table in game room is unclean and XX cleans pool table in game room.
Bundle of yarn with care becomes touched if bundle of yarn with care is untouched and XX handles bundle of yarn with care.
Liquid from floor becomes clean if liquid from floor is drity and XX cleans liquid from floor.
Pants before wearing becomes pressed if pants before wearing is wrinkled and XX irons pants before wearing.
The stuffed animal becomes clean if the stuffed animal is dirty and XX washes it.
Roll of film becomes developed if roll of film for processing is undeveloped and XX gives roll of film for processing.
The person becomes talking if the person is quiet and XX entertains him.
Pair of pajamas becomes fastened if pair of pajamas is unfastened and XX fastens pair of pajamas.
The clock becomes the right if the clock is wrong and XX rewinds it.
Hiking boots become worn if hiking boots are not worn and XX wears them.
The letter becomes mailable if the letter is unmailable and XX stamps it.
Fish back in the water becomes alive if fish back in the water is dying and XX puts fish back in the water.
Ambulence becomes en route if ambulence is not responding and XX calls ambulence.
The tub becomes clean if the tub is dirty and XX scrubs it.
Watermelon in refrigerator becomes cold if watermelon in refrigerator is warm and XX preserves watermelon in refrigerator.
The kitten becomes full if the kitten is hungry and XX feeds it.
Hoe in garage becomes stored if hoe in garage is not stored and XX stores hoe in garage.
Soup to children becomes drinkable if soup to children is too hot and XX cools soup to children.
The newspaper becomes recycled if the newspaper is whole and XX recycles it.
The flute becomes useful if the flute is useless and XX enjoys it.
The presentation becomes scheduled if the presentation is unscheduled and XX schedules it.
Anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach becomes used if anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach is unused and XX uses anti cockroach spray to kill cockroach.
Water sprinkler becomes installed if water sprinkler is uninstalled and XX installs water sprinkler.
The letter becomes stamped if the letter is unstamped and XX stamps it.
Flower bouquet becomes received if flower bouquet is given and XX accepts flower bouquet.
External cd rom drive to the computer becomes connected if external cd rom drive to the computer is disconnected and XX connects external cd rom drive to the computer.
The desk becomes neatened if the desk is cluttered and XX arranges it.
The shirt becomes ironed if the shirt is unironed and XX irons it.
The computer becomes used if the computer is unused and XX uses it.
Books become arranged if books are unarranged and XX arranges them.
Juicer becomes clean if juicer is dirty and XX washes juicer.
The bedpan becomes empty if the bedpan is full and XX empties it.
Roll of camera becomes full if roll of camera is empty and XX takes out roll of camera.
Art book with glue becomes full if art book with glue is empty and XX pastes art book with glue.
The trunk becomes locked if the trunk is unlocked and XX locks it.
The door becomes open if the doorbell is closed and XX answers it.
Indoor plants becomes watered if indoor plants is dry and XX waters indoor plants.
Dishes on dining table becomes the orderly if dishes on dining table is askew and XX arranges dishes on dining table.
The orange juice becomes in one's stomach if the orange juice is in a glass and XX drinks it.
Baby shoes becomes tied if baby shoes is untied and XX ties baby shoes.
Personal digital organizer becomes working if personal digital organizer is not working and XX recharges personal digital organizer.
The file becomes closed if the file is open and XX closes it.
Bottle of shampoo becomes empty if bottle of shampoo is full and XX uses bottle of shampoo.
Injury using antiseptic becomes clean if injury using antiseptic is dirty and XX cleans injury using antiseptic.
Hair dresser machine becomes warm if hair dresser machine is cold and XX uses hair dresser machine.
The dessert becomes eaten if the dessert is whole and XX eats it.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Vino becomes old if vino is young and XX ages vino.
The car becomes driven if the car is parked and XX drives it.
The bungee cord becomes shorter if the bungee cord is longer and XX shortens it.
The fireplace becomes cllean if the fireplace is full of ashes and XX cleans it.
The trip becomes planned if the trip is unplanned and XX plans it.
Guitar strap becomes new if guitar strap is old and XX changes guitar strap.
Plaid bowtie becomes being worn if plaid bowtie is being unused and XX wears plaid bowtie.
Lemonaid becomes in the stomach if lemonaid is in the glass and XX drinks lemonaid.
Clothes in washing machine becomes washed if clothes in washing machine is unwashed and XX washes clothes in washing machine.
Cdrw becomes closed if cdrw is open and XX closes cdrw.
Spool of thread becomes rolled up if spool of thread is unravelled and XX rolls spool of thread.
The child becomes calm if the child is agitated and XX calms him.
Dodgeball becomes in mid-air if dodgeball is in hand and XX throws dodgeball.
Pair of jeans becomes used if pair of jeans is new and XX wears pair of jeans.
Floor lamp becomes on if floor lamp is off and XX operates floor lamp.
Lid on the carton becomes closed if lid on the carton is open and XX closes lid on the carton.
The meal becomes ready if the meal is unprepared and XX prepares it.
Spill with a paper towel becomes wiped up if spill with a paper towel is on the floor and XX wipes spill with a paper towel.
Food becomes cooked if the recipe is raw and XX prepares it.
The door becomes open if the doorknob is closed and XX pushes it.
The torch becomes lit if the torch is inert and XX uses it.
Door bell button becomes the bell if door bell button is the door and XX pushes door bell button.
Glasswares in the cupboard becomes in the cupboard if glasswares in the cupboard is on the counter and XX keeps glasswares in the cupboard.
The safe becomes locked if the safe is unlocked and XX locks it.
The boy becomes suprised if the boy is not knowing and XX enlightens him.
Visitor by opening the door becomes noticed if visitor by opening the door is unnoticed and XX greets visitor by opening the door.
The drivers license becomes valid if the drivers license is expired and XX renews it.
Loaf of bread becomes cooked if loaf of bread is raw and XX bakes loaf of bread.
The computer screen becomes clear if the computer screen is dirty and XX cleans it.
Barbeque grill becomes ready if barbeque grill is not ready and XX heats barbeque grill.
Plumber's wrench becomes in use if plumber's wrench is out of use and XX uses plumber's wrench.
Can of soup becomes the cooler if can of soup is warmer and XX cools can of soup.
The burner becomes off if the burner is on and XX turns off it.
Flowers become unrooted if flowers are rooted and XX plucks them.
Blinds become close if blinds are open and XX closes them.
Dust buster becomes in use if dust buster is unused and XX uses dust buster.
Desk fan becomes clean if desk fan is dirty and XX cleans desk fan.
Chocolate pudding becomes done if chocolate pudding is making and XX prepares chocolate pudding.
Floor lamp becomes lit if floor lamp is dark and XX operates floor lamp.
Door bell button becomes pushed if door bell button is unpushed and XX pushes door bell button.
Cabinets become locked if cabinets are openable and XX locks them.
The kite becomes being in the air if the kite is being on the grass and XX flies it.
Baritone brass instrument becomes un-played if baritone brass instrument is played and XX plays baritone brass instrument.
Salt becomes used if salt is unused and XX adds it.
Decorated box becomes opened if decorated box is closed and XX opens decorated box.
Boxes become empty if boxes are full and XX empties them.
The placemat becomes clean if the placemat is dirty and XX cleans it.
Coatstand becomes dirty if coatstand is clean and XX straightens coatstand.
The tuxedo becomes worn if the tuxedo is unworn and XX wears it.
The hair dryer becomes unpowered if the hair dryer is powered and XX unplugs it.
Indoor plants becomes wet if indoor plants is dry and XX waters indoor plants.
Pot holder becomes decorated if pot holder is the plain and XX paints pot holder.
Torn clothes becomes repaired if torn clothes is torn and XX sews torn clothes.
The birthday cake becomes eaten if the birthday cake is whole and XX eats it.
The bottle becomes open if the bottle is closed and XX opens it.
The message becomes received if the message is sent and XX receives it.
Toy cars become charged if toy cars are drained and XX charges them.
The cigarette becomes short if the cigarette is long and XX smokes it.
The luggage becomes scuffed if the luggage is unscuffed and XX drags it.
The bowl becomes clean if the bowl is dirty and XX washes it.
The baby becomes clean if the baby is dirty and XX cleans him.
Tool belt becomes tight if tool belt is loose and XX tightens tool belt.
The comforter becomes neat if the comforter is messy and XX folds it.
Toner cartridge becomes full if toner cartridge is empty and XX refills toner cartridge.
The baby becomes cared if the baby is neglected and XX nurses him.
Dirty dishes becomes clean if dirty dishes is dirty and XX rinses dirty dishes.
Identity of the visitor becomes known if identity of the visitor is the secret and XX asks identity of the visitor.
Pair of speakers becomes used if pair of speakers is unused and XX uses pair of speakers.
Beetle killer becomes used if beetle killer is unused and XX uses beetle killer.
The salt shaker becomes full if the salt shaker is empty and XX refills it.
The coke becomes cold if the coke is room temperature and XX refrigerates it.
Flip-flop becomes being on one's foot if flip-flop is being in a closet and XX wears flip-flop.
Travel brochure becomes used if travel brochure is brand new and XX sees travel brochure.
Window sill becomes closed if window sill is open and XX closes window sill.
Jar of jam becomes opened if jar of jam is unopened and XX opens jar of jam.
The diet becomes controlled if the diet is uncontrolled and XX controls it.
The stencil becomes used if the stencil is unused and XX uses it.
Painting becomes hung if painting is unhung and XX hangs it.
The lawn becomes short if the lawn is tall and XX mows it.
The question becomes asked if the receptionist is unasked and XX asks him.
Toy room becomes neat if toy room is messy and XX arranges toy room.
The drink becomes drinken if the drink is undrinken and XX serves it.
The PC becomes on if the PC is off and XX turns on it.
Hole puncher becomes empty if hole puncher is full and XX empties hole puncher.
The purse becomes the safe if the purse is unsafe and XX safeguards it.
The floor becomes clean if the floor is dirty and XX sweeps it.
The joystick becomes connected if joystick to the terminal to play games is unconnected and XX connects joystick to the terminal to play games.
Lettuce head becomes eaten if lettuce head is uneaten and XX eats lettuce head.
Boxes become closed if boxes are open and XX closes them.
Pile of laundry becomes clean if pile of laundry is dirty and XX cleans pile of laundry.
The iron becomes hot if the iron is cool and XX uses it.
Broken glass bottle becomes nowhere if broken glass bottle is everywhere and XX cleans up broken glass bottle.
The carpet becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
Doors become locked if doors are unlocked and XX locks them.
The boiled egg becomes chewed if the boiled egg is whole and XX eats it.
Coffee filter becomes changed if coffee filter is not changed and XX changes coffee filter.
The cake becomes sliced if the cake is intact and XX serves it.
Pile of dirt becomes clean if pile of dirt is dirty and XX sweeps pile of dirt.
The lightbulb becomes on if the lightbulb is off and XX replaces it.
Videotape becomes unwound if videotape is rewound and XX watches videotape.
The saddle becomes stiched if the saddle is torn and XX stitches it.
Gas pedal to accelerate becomes down if gas pedal to accelerate is up and XX pushes gas pedal to accelerate.
Hand made items becomes sold if hand made items is available and XX buys hand made items.
Strawberry daiquiri becomes drank if strawberry daiquiri is not being drank and XX drinks strawberry daiquiri.
The house becomes empty if the trip is occupied and XX goes on it.
The lullaby becomes heard if the lullaby is unheard and XX sings it.
The person becomes greeted if the hand is ungreeted and XX waves it.
Books in shelf becomes full if books in shelf is empty and XX keeps books in shelf.
The cake becomes the cut if the cake is uncut and XX cuts it.
Soup becomes in one's stomach if soup is in a bowl and XX drinks it.
Washbasin becomes empty if washbasin is full and XX empties washbasin.
The kid becomes calm if the kid is aggitated and XX calms it.
Flower pot becomes wet if flower pot is dry and XX waters flower pot.
Gourmet foods becomes gone if gourmet foods is on the plate and XX eats gourmet foods.
The shoe becomes shiney if the shoe is dull and XX Polishes it.
Rice becomes boiled if rice is unboiled and XX boils it.
Travel iron becomes replaced if travel iron is unreplaced and XX replaces travel iron.
The leak becomes having stopped leaking if the leak is leaking and XX stops it.
The package becomes being mailed if the package is having no postage and XX posts it.
Ac becomes off if ac is on and XX turns off ac.
Serving knife before use becomes clean if serving knife before use is dirty and XX cleans serving knife before use.
Door handle becomes touched if door handle is untouched and XX turns door handle.
The exit becomes used if the building is unused and XX exits it.
Tube of toothpaste becomes empty if tube of toothpaste is full and XX squeezes tube of toothpaste.
Door bell button becomes the bell if door bell button is the door and XX pushes door bell button.
The sink becomes dirty if the sink is clean and XX uses it.
The floor becomes clean if the carpet is dirty and XX wipes off it.
Cherries into chocolate becomes with chocolate if cherries into chocolate is without chocolate and XX dips cherries into chocolate.
Garbage from garbage can becomes out if garbage from garbage can is in and XX takes out garbage from garbage can.
Index cards become beign sorted if index cards are not being sorted and XX sorts them.
The christmas tree becomes lit if the christmas tree is unlit and XX lights it.
Bathroom sink becomes clean if bathroom sink is unclean and XX cleans up bathroom sink.
Child's seat becomes useable if child's seat is unusable and XX adjusts child's seat.
The abacus becomes something if the abacus is nothing and XX puts away it.
The power switch becomes on if the power switch is off and XX flips it.
The ornament becomes shiny if the ornament is dull and XX Polishes it.
The bracelet becomes sold if the bracelet is available for purchase and XX buys it.
Block of swiss cheese becomes gone if block of swiss cheese is ther and XX eats block of swiss cheese.
Teddy bear to child becomes unwrapped if teddy bear to child is wrapped and XX gives teddy bear to child.
Log according to requirement becomes the cut if log according to requirement is full and XX cuts log according to requirement.
Mobile becomes picked up if it is lying on the floor and XX picks up it.
Important document becomes e-document if important document is the hardcopy and XX scans important document.
Bitten area becomes washed if bitten area is unwashed and XX washes bitten area.
The person becomes worried if the person is calm and XX alerts him.