XX may use a high wattage bulb if it wants to light a large area.
XX may use an orange peeler if it wants to peel oranges.
XX may use a cheese if it wants to make a chip dip.
XX may use slippers if it wants to keep feet warm.
XX may use an entertainment centre if it wants to keep entertainment material.
XX may use a voltage meter if it wants to measure AMPS.
XX may use a stepstool if it wants to help one reach the top shelf.
XX may use a photograph if it wants to capture a memory.
XX may use notes if it wants to remember.
XX may use chips if it wants to have a snack.
XX may use a log if it wants to set fires.
XX may use a pajama bottom if it wants to wear.
XX may use a location if it wants to find a place.
XX may use a weight bench if it wants to lift weights.
XX may use a mug if it wants to drink hot coffee.
XX may use a table lamp if it wants to lighten the room.
XX may use a vending machine if it wants to sell refreshments.
XX may use a high chair if it wants to seat children.
XX may use a shoe polish if it wants to Polish your shoes.
XX may use a tray if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a toilet roll if it wants to wipe the dirt.
XX may use a bike seat if it wants to sit on while biking.
XX may use a key if it wants to open locks.
XX may use a dryer lint if it wants to dry.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to eat fronm.
XX may use a jar of cotton balls if it wants to clean.
XX may use a handheld vacuum if it wants to clean small messes.
XX may use a bathroom cabinet if it wants to store towels in.
XX may use a tent if it wants to camp out in.
XX may use a music player if it wants to play music.
XX may use a memory card if it wants to store some data.
XX may use a picture if it wants to keep a record of the past.
XX may use a muscle if it wants to move your body.
XX may use a fridge if it wants to refrigerate food.
XX may use a gloss if it wants to add shine to things.
XX may use paper clips if it wants to clip papers together.
XX may use a cellphone if it wants to call.
XX may use a postal scale if it wants to determine how much postage is required.
XX may use a tableware if it wants to set on the table.
XX may use a drivers license if it wants to allow you to drive.
XX may use a notebook battery if it wants to make the notebook run properly.
XX may use a circular saw if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a spaghetti spoon if it wants to serve spaghetti.
XX may use an imager if it wants to image things.
XX may use a fan if it wants to cool down.
XX may use a cable box if it wants to provide channels.
XX may use a hand if it wants to manipulate items.
XX may use a stapeler if it wants to fasten things.
XX may use an employee if it wants to fulfill a job.
XX may use a window if it wants to become fresh air.
XX may use a curtain if it wants to block light.
XX may use a discman if it wants to play music with.
XX may use a television show if it wants to watch and relax.
XX may use a protractor if it wants to measure angles.
XX may use a boiler if it wants to boil food.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean.
XX may use a taste if it wants to test a meal.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to staple paper together.
XX may use a hot pad if it wants to keep food warm.
XX may use a mortar & pestle if it wants to grind herbs.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to play games.
XX may use a scrubber if it wants to scrub.
XX may use a Jack if it wants to lift heavy objects.
XX may use an internet connection if it wants to connect to the net.
XX may use a toy truck if it wants to play.
XX may use a kitchen if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a shaver if it wants to shave.
XX may use a meat if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a phonebook if it wants to keep track of telephonenumbers.
XX may use a saucepan if it wants to warm up things.
XX may use a breaker switch if it wants to become power.
XX may use a hammer if it wants to pound the nails.
XX may use a party if it wants to relieve the stress.
XX may use a videotape if it wants to record the video.
XX may use an electric outlet if it wants to give electricity to appliances.
XX may use a pencil if it wants to draw.
XX may use a music notes if it wants to denote music.
XX may use a mask if it wants to protect.
XX may use a cheeseburger if it wants to satiate the hunger.
XX may use drier if it wants to dry.
XX may use slippers if it wants to wear on your feet.
XX may use a letter opener if it wants to open the letter.
XX may use a lipstick if it wants to enhance.
XX may use a computer display if it wants to gain the INFO.
XX may use a belt sander if it wants to smooth [wooden.
XX may use a perfume if it wants to make something smell better.
XX may use a soap dispenser if it wants to provide soap.
XX may use a laundry if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a guitar cover if it wants to cover the guitar.
XX may use a personal organizer if it wants to organize.
XX may use a firemen's axe if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a card catalog if it wants to choose cards.
XX may use a jewelry if it wants to embellish a person's outfit.
XX may use a china cabinet if it wants to store China.
XX may use a whiteout liquid if it wants to erase pen mistakes.
XX may use a sandwich fillings if it wants to make it tasty.
XX may use a hair conditioner if it wants to soften the hair.
XX may use a coffee mug if it wants to drink coffee or tea from.
XX may use an easter basket if it wants to carry easter eggs.
XX may use a coffee if it wants to keep awake.
XX may use a breath if it wants to breathe.
XX may use a strawberry daquiri if it wants to drink.
XX may use a frozen dinner if it wants to abate the hunger.
XX may use a credit card holder if it wants to store credit cards.
XX may use a crochet hook if it wants to crochet a blanket.
XX may use blinds if it wants to keep out light.
XX may use an antenna if it wants to capture radio signals.
XX may use a scanning machine if it wants to scan the material.
XX may use appliances if it wants to cook.
XX may use a flashlight if it wants to light the way.
XX may use a sweater if it wants to keep you warm.
XX may use a fridge if it wants to keep things cold.
XX may use an ironing board if it wants to hold clothes whilst you iron them.
XX may use a cold drink if it wants to cool yourself down.
XX may use a CD-PLAYER if it wants to play music from a cd.
XX may use an email if it wants to communicate with others.
XX may use an insect if it wants to annoy.
XX may use a soldering iron if it wants to solder.
XX may use pins if it wants to fasten a hem to be sewn.
XX may use a hay if it wants to feed animals.
XX may use an entertainment system if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a drum if it wants to produce the sound.
XX may use a detergent if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use shoes if it wants to put your feet in.
XX may use a magazine rack if it wants to store magazines.
XX may use a glass cup if it wants to store liquid.
XX may use a baby chair if it wants to seat children.
XX may use a document if it wants to make a statement.
XX may use a name plate if it wants to identify people.
XX may use a xerox if it wants to copy items.
XX may use a carpet protector if it wants to protect the carpet.
XX may use a bullet if it wants to shoot.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to stay dry on a rainy day.
XX may use a kleenex box if it wants to keep kleenex in.
XX may use a robot if it wants to help people.
XX may use a page protector if it wants to keep it clean.
XX may use CDS if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a filter if it wants to strain something.
XX may use a table if it wants to keep things.
XX may use threads if it wants to sew.
XX may use a lace if it wants to make something fancy.
XX may use an electric kitchen range if it wants to cook.
XX may use a salt cellar if it wants to store things.
XX may use a burner if it wants to light the stove.
XX may use a lipstick if it wants to paint lips.
XX may use a nail clipper if it wants to trim nails with.
XX may use a music speakers if it wants to emit the sound.
XX may use a mint if it wants to eat.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to keep one dry when it is raining outside.
XX may use a cover if it wants to hide something.
XX may use a dvd player if it wants to play dvd discs.
XX may use a toothbrush if it wants to keep your teeth shiny.
XX may use a pencil if it wants to write with.
XX may use a towel rack if it wants to hang damp towels.
XX may use a copy machine if it wants to copy papers.
XX may use a money if it wants to buy things.
XX may use a burlap sack if it wants to carry potatoes.
XX may use an action figure if it wants to entertain a child.
XX may use clothes if it wants to wear.
XX may use a fabric softener if it wants to soften your clothes.
XX may use a charger if it wants to charge something.
XX may use a cab if it wants to transport people.
XX may use a desk drawer if it wants to keep things in.
XX may use a thumbtack if it wants to hold something up.
XX may use a travel guide if it wants to guide you.
XX may use a rolling chair if it wants to be mobile while sitting.
XX may use a doll collection if it wants to be displayed.
XX may use a rubber stamp if it wants to make identical pictures or words on surfaces.
XX may use a garlic head if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a soccer ball if it wants to be kicked.
XX may use a water if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a red shirt if it wants to wear.
XX may use a conditioner if it wants to condition the hair.
XX may use a refrigerator if it wants to keep things cool.
XX may use a glass of wine if it wants to drink.
XX may use a whisky if it wants to become the drunk.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to put cereal in.
XX may use a stroller if it wants to walk a baby.
XX may use a pillbox if it wants to hold pills.
XX may use a bench if it wants to give people who want to sit a rest.
XX may use a wind if it wants to blow.
XX may use a power switch if it wants to control power.
XX may use a filing system if it wants to organize documents.
XX may use a medicine if it wants to improve ones health.
XX may use a glue stick if it wants to stick paper together.
XX may use a filament if it wants to power light bulbs.
XX may use a coffee maker if it wants to make coffee.
XX may use a see-saw if it wants to play.
XX may use clothes if it wants to clothe someone.
XX may use an ice cream if it wants to lick.
XX may use a lawn if it wants to show off.
XX may use a magazine if it wants to become information.
XX may use a lighter if it wants to burn.
XX may use a desktop globe if it wants to map.
XX may use a cleaning supplies if it wants to clean and sanitize objects or spaces.
XX may use a lobster if it wants to eat.
XX may use a table cloth on table if it wants to cover the table.
XX may use a crayon if it wants to draw.
XX may use a flower basket if it wants to present flowers.
XX may use an energy drink if it wants to give someone more enercy.
XX may use a hair curler if it wants to beautify a woman or a confused man.
XX may use a clock in the vcr if it wants to tell time.
XX may use a bell if it wants to make the noise.
XX may use a bedspread if it wants to cover a bed.
XX may use headphones if it wants to listen to music.
XX may use a main power supply if it wants to provide  energy.
XX may use a video recorder if it wants to tape your favorite shows.
XX may use a water fountain if it wants to drink water.
XX may use a brunch if it wants to be eaten before noon.
XX may use a photo album if it wants to hold pictures.
XX may use a story book if it wants to tell stories.
XX may use an oil can if it wants to hold oil for lubrication.
XX may use a wine rack if it wants to display bottles of wine.
XX may use a californian roll if it wants to eat at a sushi restaurant.
XX may use a pet food if it wants to feed pets.
XX may use a plyers if it wants to turn things.
XX may use a party if it wants to celebrate.
XX may use cleaner if it wants to clean something.
XX may use a motor cycle if it wants to ride on.
XX may use a dvd rom drive if it wants to read dvd s.
XX may use a home theatre system if it wants to show movies.
XX may use jeans if it wants to keep the legs warm.
XX may use a folding table if it wants to play cards.
XX may use a dining table if it wants to eat on it.
XX may use boots if it wants to protect the feet.
XX may use a hand mixing machine if it wants to blend ingredients.
XX may use a hotel if it wants to live in for brief periods of time.
XX may use a ground if it wants to make coffee.
XX may use a cutlery if it wants to eat food.
XX may use a magnifier if it wants to look.
XX may use a trumpet if it wants to play jazz music.
XX may use an utility bill if it wants to be paid.
XX may use a hand vacuum if it wants to clean the sofa.
XX may use plates if it wants to serve food on.
XX may use glasses if it wants to read with.
XX may use a rolling chair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use a sorting tray if it wants to divide objects.
XX may use tables if it wants to put items upon.
XX may use a bedside table if it wants to have next to the bed.
XX may use a washer if it wants to clean clothes.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to waste time.
XX may use a golf stick if it wants to stick swung.
XX may use a reference book if it wants to look up reference material.
XX may use a necklace if it wants to be pretty.
XX may use a placemat if it wants to put under a plate.
XX may use a cocktail if it wants to be drink during a cocktail party.
XX may use a pearl necklace if it wants to wear on special occasions.
XX may use a straw basket if it wants to hold fruits.
XX may use a nail clipper if it wants to clip nails.
XX may use a party room if it wants to party.
XX may use a drumstick if it wants to make the noise.
XX may use a paper pad if it wants to write.
XX may use a generator if it wants to give electricity.
XX may use a plasma screen tv if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a pitchfork if it wants to transport hay from one place to another.
XX may use a bucket if it wants to retain liquid.
XX may use a room clean if it wants to live in.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to find things on the internet.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to eat.
XX may use words if it wants to communicate in writing.
XX may use a disinfectant if it wants to clean something that is dirty.
XX may use a baking soda if it wants to clean.
XX may use an iced tea if it wants to drink.
XX may use an utility bill if it wants to pay.
XX may use a bench if it wants to sit down and relax.
XX may use a vcd player if it wants to play a video cd.
XX may use a mushroom if it wants to comprise a salad.
XX may use a sickle if it wants to cut the wheat.
XX may use a bag pack if it wants to hold books.
XX may use a cotton bag if it wants to hold gym clothes.
XX may use exits if it wants to leave through.
XX may use a letter if it wants to represent words.
XX may use a car if it wants to become around.
XX may use ice cubes if it wants to keep drinks cold.
XX may use a hub if it wants to trade.
XX may use an ink blotter if it wants to blot ink.
XX may use a hub if it wants to cover wheels.
XX may use a salad fork if it wants to eat a salad.
XX may use a ketchup if it wants to put on the fries.
XX may use speakers if it wants to produce sounds.
XX may use a rain coat if it wants to keep you from getting soaked.
XX may use a hiker if it wants to feed the bears.
XX may use a computer if it wants to process information.
XX may use a blade if it wants to cut grass.
XX may use a scotch tape if it wants to attach something to something else.
XX may use a coffeecake if it wants to eat.
XX may use a futon if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a hand mirror if it wants to put a purse.
XX may use a pancake if it wants to flip.
XX may use a strainer if it wants to separate solid from liquid.
XX may use a rolling chair if it wants to move around an office.
XX may use an army knife if it wants to open a can.
XX may use coins if it wants to purchase objects.
XX may use a twine if it wants to bind things together.
XX may use a PDA if it wants to hold information.
XX may use a hanger if it wants to hang up clothes.
XX may use a sandwich if it wants to eat for lunch.
XX may use a duster if it wants to clean.
XX may use a water container if it wants to store water.
XX may use a floor mat if it wants to wipe your feet on.
XX may use a dial-tone if it wants to indicate that a phone is working.
XX may use a fire place if it wants to heat up a room.
XX may use a hot water knob if it wants to bring hot water.
XX may use a high chair if it wants to hold a baby.
XX may use a body if it wants to hold a head.
XX may use a vegetable cutter if it wants to cut VEGGIES.
XX may use a beer if it wants to intoxicate.
XX may use a cupboard if it wants to keep cups.
XX may use a clock if it wants to measure time.
XX may use a letter if it wants to communicate.
XX may use a water heater if it wants to heat liquids.
XX may use a chess piece if it wants to play with.
XX may use a bread loaf if it wants to make a good meal.
XX may use a vanity unit if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a videotape if it wants to store video images.
XX may use a comb if it wants to fix the hair.
XX may use a pajama bottom if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a paint can if it wants to hold paint.
XX may use an infant if it wants to cry.
XX may use a vcr tape if it wants to record.
XX may use a cellophane if it wants to wrap.
XX may use a cheese piece if it wants to top a pizza.
XX may use a scanner if it wants to transfer hard copy data into soft copy data on the computer.
XX may use a power generator if it wants to keep electricity on.
XX may use a china cabinet if it wants to hold China.
XX may use an antenna if it wants to become good reception.
XX may use a dial-tone if it wants to indicate that a phone is ready to be dialed.
XX may use a changing table if it wants to change a child.
XX may use a pod if it wants to hold something such as a bean as it grows.
XX may use weights if it wants to balance.
XX may use a game if it wants to learn.
XX may use a dustbin if it wants to clean up with.
XX may use a toilet seat if it wants to stop a person from falling into the toilet bowl.
XX may use a utensil if it wants to make a job easier.
XX may use a padlock if it wants to lock something up.
XX may use a book if it wants to be read.
XX may use a recliner if it wants to sit in.
XX may use a food item if it wants to feed a human.
XX may use a plantation if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a dusting rag if it wants to clean a shelf.
XX may use a cotton material if it wants to make a dress.
XX may use a mixing bowl if it wants to mix things.
XX may use a videotape if it wants to tape a video.
XX may use a tricycle if it wants to ride around on.
XX may use a house key if it wants to unlock the house.
XX may use a grocery if it wants to feed your family.
XX may use a paper pad if it wants to study.
XX may use a battery if it wants to power objects.
XX may use a grill by hand if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean things.
XX may use a child cup if it wants to give a child a drink.
XX may use a discman if it wants to play discs.
XX may use a steel box if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a yard if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a balloon if it wants to float.
XX may use an employee if it wants to work.
XX may use an elevator if it wants to move you up or down.
XX may use a rolls of toiletpaper if it wants to wipe your ass.
XX may use a visitor if it wants to visit  people.
XX may use a server if it wants to hook up with a computer.
XX may use a phone system if it wants to direct calls.
XX may use blinds if it wants to block light.
XX may use a pestle if it wants to grind.
XX may use a table lamp if it wants to make light.
XX may use dolls if it wants to play.
XX may use a moving up and down if it wants to go up stairs.
XX may use a server if it wants to store computer files.
XX may use a dress if it wants to cover a body.
XX may use stairs if it wants to connect one floor to the next.
XX may use a clothes horse if it wants to put your shirt on.
XX may use a video game if it wants to play games.
XX may use a shower head if it wants to protect head from wetness.
XX may use a medication if it wants to treat a person's symptoms.
XX may use a waffle maker if it wants to make waffles.
XX may use a shoestring if it wants to hold shoes on feet.
XX may use a walking stick if it wants to make it easier to walk.
XX may use a liquor if it wants to celebrate with adults.
XX may use a ladder wall if it wants to climb for exercise.
XX may use a grade book timely if it wants to keep track of grades.
XX may use a door when guests reached if it wants to open.
XX may use a flower pot if it wants to house flowers.
XX may use a lemon if it wants to cook.
XX may use an ammunition if it wants to kill animals.
XX may use a shower if it wants to clean one self.
XX may use a ribbon if it wants to tie a package.
XX may use a music stand if it wants to hold music notes.
XX may use a dental floss if it wants to clean teeth.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to throw away trash.
XX may use a closet if it wants to keep clothes stored.
XX may use a baby stroller if it wants to stroll.
XX may use a pattern if it wants to distinguish.
XX may use a tent if it wants to camp in.
XX may use glasses if it wants to see better.
XX may use a wash basket if it wants to collect dirty cloths.
XX may use a recipe if it wants to cook things.
XX may use a bracket if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use a partition if it wants to separate a room.
XX may use a sugar cookie if it wants to treat a child who is  well behaved.
XX may use a baby monitor if it wants to monitor an infant.
XX may use a wax if it wants to clean the hair.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to recycle.
XX may use a photograph if it wants to view.
XX may use a lawn mower if it wants to mow the lawn.
XX may use a detergent if it wants to store the detergent.
XX may use an iron if it wants to flatten the clothing.
XX may use a banana if it wants to increase potassium levels.
XX may use a bed if it wants to rest.
XX may use a vacuum cleaner if it wants to clean.
XX may use a pen holder if it wants to keep a pen in a pocket.
XX may use a heater if it wants to warm.
XX may use a clip board if it wants to hold the paper.
XX may use a CD-PLAYER if it wants to play music.
XX may use a high chair if it wants to feed a baby.
XX may use sheets if it wants to cover the bed.
XX may use a jump rope in both hands if it wants to jump over.
XX may use a motor if it wants to make something run.
XX may use a doughnut if it wants to eat.
XX may use a flanger if it wants to produce a series of notches in the frequency response.
XX may use a business card if it wants to meet people.
XX may use a scanner if it wants to scan files.
XX may use a nail if it wants to hold a picture on the wall.
XX may use data if it wants to calculate something.
XX may use a fork if it wants to eat food.
XX may use a demand of hand made items if it wants to forecast sales.
XX may use a shoe polish if it wants to Polish shoes.
XX may use a butterfly if it wants to be admired.
XX may use a letter envelope if it wants to put a letter in.
XX may use a book if it wants to educate.
XX may use a bookcase if it wants to store books and other items.
XX may use a curtains of room if it wants to shield the light.
XX may use scissors if it wants to cut things with.
XX may use a page if it wants to hold printed information.
XX may use a salt if it wants to cure.
XX may use an eyeglass lenses if it wants to put in a eyeglass frame.
XX may use a drainage if it wants to allow fluids to pass through.
XX may use a soap bar if it wants to wash Oneself.
XX may use pickles if it wants to eat.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to copy papper.
XX may use socks if it wants to wear on your feet.
XX may use a coal chute if it wants to stoke a fire.
XX may use a reference book if it wants to research.
XX may use a stylus if it wants to write.
XX may use a baritone brass instrument if it wants to play music on.
XX may use a blade in razor if it wants to shave.
XX may use a computer case if it wants to protect the inner workings.
XX may use crackers if it wants to eat.
XX may use a kiwi fruit if it wants to eat.
XX may use a meat if it wants to eat.
XX may use plants if it wants to decorate your home.
XX may use a fish filet if it wants to eat.
XX may use a bone if it wants to chew.
XX may use dishes if it wants to eat from.
XX may use a relative if it wants to talk with.
XX may use a staple puller if it wants to remove staples from paper.
XX may use a pillow case if it wants to cover a pillow in.
XX may use a pacifier if it wants to calm babies.
XX may use a steak if it wants to marinate.
XX may use a jewelry box if it wants to hold jewelry.
XX may use a reading desk if it wants to read on.
XX may use a paperclip if it wants to hold papers together.
XX may use a staple puller if it wants to pull staples.
XX may use a crock pot if it wants to make crock pot dishes.
XX may use a ring if it wants to wear on your finger.
XX may use a basket if it wants to put eggs in.
XX may use a green apple if it wants to eat.
XX may use a computer if it wants to write papers and play games.
XX may use a ceiling light if it wants to light the room.
XX may use CDS if it wants to play music.
XX may use a humidifier if it wants to put moisture into the air.
XX may use a toothpick if it wants to pick teeth.
XX may use a knitting needle if it wants to knit the yarn.
XX may use a dirty laundry if it wants to smell.
XX may use a comb if it wants to comb the hair.
XX may use a dish if it wants to put food items in.
XX may use spider webs if it wants to catch flies.
XX may use a silver candle holder if it wants to hold candles.
XX may use a kettle if it wants to boil water.
XX may use a thumb pin if it wants to hold pieces of paper to a corkboard.
XX may use a paper clip if it wants to bind documents.
XX may use a water bowl if it wants to put out for the dog.
XX may use a pan if it wants to fry.
XX may use a saddle if it wants to hold a person when sitting on something awkward.
XX may use a cupboard if it wants to store dishes.
XX may use flowers if it wants to reproduce for plants.
XX may use a wheel chair if it wants to propel someone who cannot walk.
XX may use a dial-tone if it wants to phone.
XX may use a thermos if it wants to hold hot or cold beverages.
XX may use a window if it wants to see through.
XX may use a post-it note if it wants to remind US.
XX may use a toy record player if it wants to listen to.
XX may use a firealarm if it wants to sound an alarm.
XX may use a credit card if it wants to pay for goods and services.
XX may use a basinet if it wants to wash.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to show a picture.
XX may use a dirty dishes if it wants to put in dishwasher.
XX may use a music system if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a sickle if it wants to farm.
XX may use an area rug if it wants to decorate the floor.
XX may use a fabric if it wants to make a piece of clothing.
XX may use a bra if it wants to support boobs.
XX may use an elastic band if it wants to tie the hair.
XX may use a drinking glass if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a centerpiece if it wants to hold candles.
XX may use a curtain rod if it wants to hang the shower curtain.
XX may use pills if it wants to feel better.
XX may use a curtain rod if it wants to hold a curtain.
XX may use a PC if it wants to compute.
XX may use a faucet if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a money bank if it wants to store money.
XX may use a staple if it wants to clip.
XX may use a ceiling fan if it wants to circulate air in a room.
XX may use a kitchen stove if it wants to cook food.
XX may use staples if it wants to connect papers.
XX may use a lamp-shade if it wants to shade.
XX may use an iron base if it wants to iron clothes.
XX may use tv shows if it wants to watch the TV.
XX may use a monkey wrench if it wants to fix things.
XX may use an omelet if it wants to eat.
XX may use a medicine if it wants to treat the illness.
XX may use a hand vaccum if it wants to clean up crumbs.
XX may use a bouncy-ball if it wants to play games.
XX may use a phone if it wants to talk.
XX may use nails if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use a kitchen floor if it wants to walk on.
XX may use a videocassette if it wants to record the television.
XX may use a planner if it wants to make dates.
XX may use a pencil sharpener if it wants to sharpen.
XX may use a mop bucket if it wants to keep water and a mop in.
XX may use a meat slicer if it wants to slice meat.
XX may use a temperature if it wants to tell how hot the air is.
XX may use a garbage disposal if it wants to put the trash.
XX may use a flashlight if it wants to illuminate.
XX may use a miter saw if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a perfume bottle if it wants to help you smell good.
XX may use a baby if it wants to take care of.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to light rooms.
XX may use a dumpster if it wants to dispose of stuff.
XX may use an iron board if it wants to provide a surface to iron on.
XX may use a keyboard stand if it wants to hold up a keyboard.
XX may use a dime if it wants to pay for food.
XX may use a vhs player if it wants to play video tapes.
XX may use a bread loaf if it wants to feed people.
XX may use a fire extinguisher if it wants to put out fires.
XX may use a visitor if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a new newspaper if it wants to provide the latest news.
XX may use an electric shaver if it wants to shave a beard.
XX may use a dust pan if it wants to pick up dust.
XX may use a body spray if it wants to make a person smell better.
XX may use a yo yo if it wants to play with.
XX may use a fan switch if it wants to turn the fan on and off.
XX may use a basinet if it wants to hold kids.
XX may use a carpet if it wants to make the floor soft.
XX may use a walking cane if it wants to support oneself when walking.
XX may use a paper if it wants to draw on.
XX may use preservatives if it wants to cook.
XX may use a cup if it wants to drink.
XX may use a record album if it wants to play music.
XX may use a baby basket if it wants to hold baby items.
XX may use cosmetics if it wants to apply to your face to enhance your looks.
XX may use a wood piece if it wants to make designs with.
XX may use a toilet scrubber if it wants to scrub.
XX may use a flower if it wants to sweeten the smell of a room.
XX may use a reference book if it wants to look up information.
XX may use a bookmark if it wants to show the place where you stopped reading.
XX may use a kite if it wants to amuse people.
XX may use a brain if it wants to feel.
XX may use a control pad if it wants to control.
XX may use a clarinet if it wants to produce music.
XX may use a case if it wants to store objects.
XX may use a xerox if it wants to copy.
XX may use a pool if it wants to swim.
XX may use a trash bag if it wants to hold the trash.
XX may use a tissue if it wants to wipe things.
XX may use a fuel if it wants to power a car.
XX may use a bathroom sink if it wants to brush your teeth in.
XX may use a pencil lead if it wants to write with.
XX may use a fertilizer if it wants to help plants.
XX may use a map if it wants to find the place.
XX may use a freezer if it wants to keep food fresh.
XX may use a jewelry if it wants to enhance your looks.
XX may use a laptop computer if it wants to look up information.
XX may use a projection screen if it wants to show slides.
XX may use a stereo receiver if it wants to play music.
XX may use an injury if it wants to cause pain.
XX may use a beanbag if it wants to kick.
XX may use a memory card if it wants to store documents.
XX may use a dispenser if it wants to dispense something.
XX may use a grill if it wants to make food.
XX may use a keychain if it wants to keep keys together.
XX may use a leash if it wants to keep the control.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to hold the trash.
XX may use a page if it wants to turn.
XX may use a baby monitor if it wants to monitor the baby.
XX may use a video if it wants to view recorded material.
XX may use a beetle killer if it wants to eradicate beetles.
XX may use a diaper rash cream if it wants to treat the diaper rash.
XX may use labels if it wants to identify.
XX may use an injury if it wants to injure.
XX may use a root if it wants to feed a tree.
XX may use a cd contents if it wants to convey information.
XX may use boots if it wants to keep ones feet warm and dry.
XX may use a flashlight if it wants to light up areas.
XX may use a wood if it wants to create objects.
XX may use a cowboy boots if it wants to put on your feet.
XX may use a tooth brush if it wants to brush the teeth.
XX may use a toy box if it wants to put toys in.
XX may use a lamp if it wants to brighten the room.
XX may use a stamp if it wants to pay the postage.
XX may use a christmas tree stand if it wants to support the christmas tree.
XX may use drums if it wants to play rhythm in a band.
XX may use a dust-pan if it wants to pick up dust.
XX may use a gingerbread cookie if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a card table if it wants to play cards on.
XX may use a salt shaker if it wants to contain salt.
XX may use a fire if it wants to heat the room.
XX may use a desk if it wants to write.
XX may use a game board if it wants to play games on.
XX may use an entertainment center if it wants to entertain people with the various entertaiment items.
XX may use dimmer if it wants to reduce light.
XX may use a paint set if it wants to paint.
XX may use a mushroom if it wants to make soup.
XX may use a milk carton cutter if it wants to cut items.
XX may use blinds if it wants to keep the sun out.
XX may use a bench if it wants to hold tools.
XX may use jeans if it wants to put on your legs to keep you protected and warm.
XX may use a piano bench if it wants to sit on while playing the piano.
XX may use a paperclip holder if it wants to bind papers together.
XX may use a person if it wants to be with.
XX may use a scrubber if it wants to wash yourself really good.
XX may use a modem if it wants to connect to the internet.
XX may use a measuring cup if it wants to measure food items.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to store moving picture and sound.
XX may use a coaster if it wants to absorb water.
XX may use a pop can if it wants to hold the soda.
XX may use a leaf rake if it wants to rake leaves.
XX may use a coffee pot with hot pad if it wants to heat coffee.
XX may use a slide projector if it wants to view slides.
XX may use a cold drink if it wants to cool yourself off.
XX may use a box if it wants to move things in.
XX may use eggs if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a rubber duckie if it wants to entertain in the bath tub.
XX may use a can of soda if it wants to drink.
XX may use a shoe lace if it wants to tie the shoe?.
XX may use a drape if it wants to cover windows.
XX may use a nail polish if it wants to paint one's fingernails.
XX may use a power button if it wants to turn on the computer.
XX may use a fireplace screen if it wants to cover the fireplace.
XX may use a cartridge if it wants to refill a printer.
XX may use a cockroach if it wants to annoy.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to write e-mails.
XX may use a mallet if it wants to break things.
XX may use an Internet if it wants to browse websites.
XX may use a photo album if it wants to store pictures and memories.
XX may use an alcohol if it wants to drink.
XX may use bowels if it wants to eliminate the waste.
XX may use a napkin if it wants to wipe a mouth during eating.
XX may use a box if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a washing machine lid if it wants to keep the washer from overflowing.
XX may use a dictionary if it wants to find the definition of a word.
XX may use a file if it wants to hold documents.
XX may use a platter if it wants to eat from.
XX may use an umbrella stand if it wants to hold your umbrella.
XX may use dimmer if it wants to lower the lights.
XX may use a lever if it wants to move objects.
XX may use a picture if it wants to illustrate.
XX may use a power saw if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a multi-tool if it wants to fix things.
XX may use a paper tray if it wants to hold the paper.
XX may use a sidewalk if it wants to walk OK.
XX may use a file cabinet if it wants to organize files and folders.
XX may use a milk if it wants to hold milk.
XX may use stamps if it wants to mail a letter.
XX may use a living room if it wants to entertain guests.
XX may use a pet if it wants to bring a family closer.
XX may use a bow tie if it wants to decorate the collar.
XX may use weights if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to light up a room.
XX may use a projector if it wants to project images.
XX may use a measuring cup if it wants to determine how much of a liquid or powder to use by volume.
XX may use a soap bar if it wants to clean.
XX may use a sink stopper if it wants to plug.
XX may use a mail box if it wants to hold letters.
XX may use wrenches if it wants to fix things.
XX may use a bait if it wants to catch something.
XX may use a xerox machine if it wants to make photocopies of documents.
XX may use a material if it wants to make things.
XX may use a birthday cake if it wants to celebrate one's birthday.
XX may use a silverware if it wants to dine.
XX may use a soccer game if it wants to entertain people.
XX may use a sidewalk if it wants to walk on.
XX may use a sheers if it wants to cut things with.
XX may use a road if it wants to drive on.
XX may use a rug if it wants to walk on.
XX may use a map if it wants to find places.
XX may use noises if it wants to alert someone.
XX may use a thermostat if it wants to regulate temperatures.
XX may use a server if it wants to distribute food onto plates.
XX may use a book list if it wants to determine what books are available.
XX may use a plate if it wants to eat food off of.
XX may use a phone cord if it wants to connect the handset to the phone.
XX may use a wing if it wants to fly.
XX may use a cloth if it wants to wipe things.
XX may use a match if it wants to light a fire.
XX may use a trowel if it wants to smooth cement.
XX may use a DVD if it wants to play a movie.
XX may use a heater if it wants to warm an area.
XX may use a trash if it wants to fill a land fill.
XX may use an egg carton if it wants to cook breakfast.
XX may use a mouse if it wants to point at objects within a graphical user environment, such as windows by microsoft corporation.
XX may use an office chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a tackle box if it wants to hold tackles.
XX may use a camping stove if it wants to cook outside.
XX may use balloons if it wants to float in the air.
XX may use a cd collection if it wants to listen to music.
XX may use a musical instrument if it wants to play a song.
XX may use a quilt if it wants to protect from the cold.
XX may use a soda can if it wants to put soda in.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to hold juice.
XX may use a ceiling fan if it wants to make a room cooler.
XX may use a pet food if it wants to feed the dog.
XX may use a lid if it wants to cover.
XX may use a pod if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a trumpet if it wants to blow.
XX may use a kitchen knife if it wants to cut foods.
XX may use a three piece suit if it wants to look sharp.
XX may use a garage if it wants to store a vehicle.
XX may use a diaper pail if it wants to contain soiled diapers.
XX may use a spring if it wants to make a mattress bouncey.
XX may use a printer if it wants to create hard-copy documents from digital ones.
XX may use a croissant if it wants to eat at breakfast.
XX may use a watering tool if it wants to water plants.
XX may use a filing cabinet if it wants to fill.
XX may use a fire sprinkler if it wants to extinguish fires.
XX may use a fuel level if it wants to measure the fuel level.
XX may use a soccer ball if it wants to kick.
XX may use a hamburger if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a floor wax if it wants to Polish the floor.
XX may use a mower if it wants to cut grass.
XX may use a belt if it wants to tighten pants.
XX may use a tv remote if it wants to change channels.
XX may use a time if it wants to tell time.
XX may use a marker if it wants to draw large letters.
XX may use keys if it wants to lock the thing.
XX may use a clothes basket if it wants to carry clothes.
XX may use a sink outlet if it wants to plug things into.
XX may use a wrist watch band if it wants to put on your wrist to hold the time piece.
XX may use a hand vacuum if it wants to clean things with.
XX may use a drinking glass if it wants to serve beverages.
XX may use a choir if it wants to sing.
XX may use a PC if it wants to go on internet.
XX may use an eggplant if it wants to eat.
XX may use a reception bell if it wants to alert the receptionist of my presence.
XX may use a storage box if it wants to store materials.
XX may use a saxophone if it wants to play beautiful jazz music.
XX may use a child if it wants to keep the species alive and going.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to light a lamp.
XX may use an inkjet if it wants to print.
XX may use a fabric if it wants to wear.
XX may use a nail if it wants to fasten boards or other objects.
XX may use a book if it wants to look nice.
XX may use a doughnut if it wants to eat and enjoy.
XX may use a clothes dryer if it wants to dry wet clothes.
XX may use a day if it wants to work.
XX may use a computer display if it wants to provide a computer user with feedback.
XX may use a jacks if it wants to play jacks.
XX may use a panel if it wants to hang over a bare window.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to eat.
XX may use a bedspread if it wants to cover people.
XX may use a sugar if it wants to sweeten.
XX may use a drink if it wants to quench the thirst.
XX may use a flour sifter if it wants to break up clumps in flour.
XX may use a dryer if it wants to dry.
XX may use a spade if it wants to dig.
XX may use a cigarette pack if it wants to smoke.
XX may use a notebook if it wants to take notes with.
XX may use a walnut if it wants to make walnut muffins.
XX may use a wax if it wants to make a candle.
XX may use a dog if it wants to guard the property.
XX may use a map if it wants to direct and orient.
XX may use a stamp pad wet if it wants to moisten the stamps.
XX may use a furniture if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a tile if it wants to cover.
XX may use a game board if it wants to keep track of the game.
XX may use a spider web if it wants to catch insects.
XX may use a ham bone if it wants to make soup from.
XX may use a flashlight if it wants to see during a power loss.
XX may use a cdrw if it wants to store data.
XX may use an oven if it wants to bake.
XX may use a food if it wants to eat.
XX may use a tank if it wants to contain water.
XX may use a muffin if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a roof if it wants to cover the building.
XX may use a hand vacuum if it wants to vacuum tough to get spots.
XX may use a plate if it wants to contain food.
XX may use a jar if it wants to contain things like jam.
XX may use a muddy boots if it wants to go in swamps.
XX may use a table if it wants to eat at.
XX may use adhesive if it wants to secure an item to something else.
XX may use a game controller if it wants to play a video game.
XX may use a stamp pad if it wants to transfer ink onto a stamp.
XX may use a laundry if it wants to be clothes.
XX may use an exercise if it wants to keep the fit.
XX may use a postcard if it wants to send to a friend.
XX may use a cooling system if it wants to cool the temperature.
XX may use a dollar bill if it wants to buy things.
XX may use a clock if it wants to tell tiime.
XX may use a type writer if it wants to type things on paper.
XX may use an inkwell if it wants to hold ink.
XX may use a lounge if it wants to sit on.
XX may use toothbrush bristles if it wants to clean teeth.
XX may use contacts if it wants to wear in the eye.
XX may use a pocket multi-tool if it wants to perform multiple useful tasks.
XX may use a logo if it wants to promote a brand.
XX may use blades if it wants to shave your face.
XX may use a loveseat if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a charger if it wants to recharge batteries.
XX may use a flower vase if it wants to hold flowers.
XX may use a pencil cup if it wants to hold pens and pencils.
XX may use a wash cloth if it wants to clean.
XX may use a play pen if it wants to play in.
XX may use a money if it wants to buy goods.
XX may use a copy if it wants to protect an original.
XX may use a motor cycle if it wants to travel.
XX may use a chainsaw if it wants to cut a tree down.
XX may use an anti cockroach spray if it wants to kill cockroaches.
XX may use a fuel level if it wants to gauge how much fuel is left.
XX may use an easter bunny if it wants to bring goodies for easter.
XX may use an egg beater if it wants to mix things.
XX may use a snake and ladder game if it wants to be popular with young kids.
XX may use a fabric if it wants to make the clothing.
XX may use a test if it wants to test you.
XX may use a travel brochure if it wants to find out about a place.
XX may use a feeding tray if it wants to feed a sick person.
XX may use a bouncy-ball if it wants to play with.
XX may use a cocoa if it wants to drink.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean.
XX may use an air conditioning duct if it wants to transport cold air.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to bind papers together with staples.
XX may use a rocking chair if it wants to sit in and rock.
XX may use a tool if it wants to work with.
XX may use a salt cellar if it wants to cure meat.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to hold ice and other frozen goods.
XX may use a tray if it wants to carry dishes.
XX may use a matchbox if it wants to hold matches.
XX may use a dustcloth if it wants to remove dust from surfaces and objects.
XX may use a mail sorter if it wants to sort mail.
XX may use a crabber if it wants to catch crabs.
XX may use a welcome mat if it wants to be placed at the door.
XX may use a scanner if it wants to capture 2d images digitally.
XX may use a phone number list if it wants to list the numbers?.
XX may use a switch if it wants to turn something on or off.
XX may use an ornament if it wants to be the decoration.
XX may use a gift if it wants to give as a present to someone.
XX may use a pepsi can if it wants to drink out of.
XX may use a desk lamp if it wants to provide brighter light.
XX may use a treadmill if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a sunscreen if it wants to protect from sun.
XX may use a notepad if it wants to write on.
XX may use a notebook if it wants to write in.
XX may use a cooking gas if it wants to power a gas stove.
XX may use a crate if it wants to store items.
XX may use a baby changing table if it wants to change a baby.
XX may use a match box if it wants to carry matches.
XX may use a utensil if it wants to pick up food.
XX may use a remote control if it wants to control the television.
XX may use a mail if it wants to send things in.
XX may use a computer keyboard if it wants to go along with the computer.
XX may use a latch if it wants to keep something closed.
XX may use clothes if it wants to dress.
XX may use a safety belt if it wants to keep people safe.
XX may use a filing cabinet if it wants to hold file folders.
XX may use a bowling ball if it wants to play bowling.
XX may use a mom if it wants to love.
XX may use an arrow if it wants to direct.
XX may use a pan with bare hands if it wants to burn hands.
XX may use a baby seat if it wants to protect a baby.
XX may use eggs if it wants to protect unhatchd chicks.
XX may use a child if it wants to play.
XX may use a light fixture if it wants to illuminate a room.
XX may use a jukebox if it wants to play music.
XX may use a bracelet if it wants to wear on your wrist.
XX may use a doctors office if it wants to consult doctors.
XX may use a rattle if it wants to entertain an infant.
XX may use a salad tongs if it wants to serve lettuce.
XX may use a light dimmer if it wants to make the room darker.
XX may use a broom if it wants to clean the floor.
XX may use a brush if it wants to smooth things.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to surf the net.
XX may use a bench if it wants to relax and sit on.
XX may use a quarter if it wants to pay for something.
XX may use tiles if it wants to put on the floor.
XX may use a drawing if it wants to depict images.
XX may use a chopping block if it wants to chop things.
XX may use a hook if it wants to hold things.
XX may use an inkjet printer if it wants to print.
XX may use a jacket if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a child gate if it wants to keep the child out of that room.
XX may use a beanie hat if it wants to wear opn your head.
XX may use a light bulb if it wants to brighten the room.
XX may use a razor blade if it wants to shave.
XX may use a beer bottle if it wants to drink beer.
XX may use a ladder wall if it wants to climb.
XX may use a volume knob if it wants to increase or decrease the sound output of an electronic device.
XX may use a soda can if it wants to contain the soda.
XX may use an electronic organizer if it wants to organize files.
XX may use a bike lock if it wants to secure a bicycle.
XX may use a soil if it wants to grow plants.
XX may use a cable box if it wants to watch the TV.
XX may use a desk if it wants to serve as a writting surface.
XX may use a liquid if it wants to wash dishes.
XX may use a coke machine if it wants to dispense coke drinks.
XX may use a crib if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a handheld computer if it wants to input data.
XX may use a wedding dress if it wants to wear in a wedding.
XX may use a soup if it wants to eat when you have a cold.
XX may use a tool belt if it wants to hold tools on one's waist.
XX may use a handheld vacuum if it wants to clean the rug.
XX may use a tripod if it wants to stabilize a camera.
XX may use a meat if it wants to grill.
XX may use a steering wheel if it wants to drive a car.
XX may use a voltage meter if it wants to measure the voltage.
XX may use a partition if it wants to separate.
XX may use a phone call if it wants to contact friends.
XX may use a sink if it wants to wash hands.
XX may use a jar of jam if it wants to make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
XX may use a wood piece if it wants to build something.
XX may use a coke can if it wants to sell the coke.
XX may use a clothes peg if it wants to hang.
XX may use a laptop case if it wants to secure a laptop during travel.
XX may use a message pad if it wants to leave messages for someone who has missed calls.
XX may use a dusting cloth if it wants to remove the dust.
XX may use a coat peg if it wants to hang coats.
XX may use a spice box if it wants to contain spices.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to unscrew screws.
XX may use a yearbook if it wants to show pictures of school.
XX may use a salad tongs if it wants to serve salad.
XX may use a binder clip if it wants to clip binders.
XX may use a backpack if it wants to store food.
XX may use blades if it wants to cut.
XX may use a webpage if it wants to hold the INFO.
XX may use an orange if it wants to make juice.
XX may use an artist if it wants to paint.
XX may use a drawing pad if it wants to draw on.
XX may use a sack if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a plant if it wants to add life to a room.
XX may use a wreath if it wants to hang on th door.
XX may use a bedside table if it wants to hold your lamp.
XX may use a chocolate pudding if it wants to treat a person as a dessert.
XX may use a washig machine if it wants to clean clothes.
XX may use dishes if it wants to serve food on.
XX may use a balloon if it wants to decorate an area.
XX may use a door if it wants to shut off a room.
XX may use a voice mail if it wants to store messages.
XX may use a bike lock if it wants to secure a bike.
XX may use an amplifier if it wants to amplify the sound.
XX may use a three hole punch if it wants to put holes in paper.
XX may use an ice cube in freezer if it wants to cool down a drink.
XX may use a tivo if it wants to record the TV.
XX may use a new soda can if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a grape if it wants to eat.
XX may use a scrapbook if it wants to write.
XX may use a hat rack if it wants to put different sized hats on.
XX may use an arm if it wants to throw things.
XX may use cotton balls if it wants to clean out your ears.
XX may use a button if it wants to keep a shirt closed.
XX may use a lumber if it wants to build.
XX may use a halogen desk lamp if it wants to shed light.
XX may use a butter knife if it wants to cut.
XX may use a party horn if it wants to make the noise.
XX may use a shirt if it wants to wear.
XX may use a flashlight if it wants to light a dark area or room.
XX may use an oven if it wants to bake things.
XX may use a bullet if it wants to kill.
XX may use a tool if it wants to make work easier.
XX may use a pocket if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a lock if it wants to lock.
XX may use snaps if it wants to buckle.
XX may use a brush if it wants to clean.
XX may use an olive if it wants to flavor a drink.
XX may use a door mat if it wants to wipe excess dirt off of shoes that are entering a house.
XX may use a match if it wants to START a fire.
XX may use a gingerbread cookie if it wants to eat at christmas time.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean body parts.
XX may use a coat peg if it wants to hang clothes.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to feed a baby.
XX may use a beater if it wants to beat eggs.
XX may use a baby food if it wants to feed the baby.
XX may use a snooker table if it wants to play the game of snooker.
XX may use a boom box if it wants to play music.
XX may use a yo-yo if it wants to amuse people.
XX may use a news if it wants to inform people.
XX may use an appliance if it wants to make life easier.
XX may use a leash if it wants to take the dog for a walk.
XX may use a plush animal if it wants to sleep with.
XX may use an envelope if it wants to hold letters.
XX may use a carpet if it wants to put on floor.
XX may use a punch bowl if it wants to hold the punch.
XX may use a blackjack table if it wants to play cards.
XX may use an envelope if it wants to mail a letter.
XX may use a transparency sheet if it wants to make diagrams.
XX may use a bone if it wants to hold up a body.
XX may use a plant if it wants to look at.
XX may use a laundry softener if it wants to soften laudry.
XX may use a medicine capsule if it wants to treat symptoms.
XX may use a strawberry if it wants to put in the fruit bowl.
XX may use a detergent powder if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to be online.
XX may use slippers if it wants to house your feet.
XX may use a torch if it wants to light up the dark.
XX may use a lamp if it wants to provide the illumination.
XX may use a bone if it wants to support a body.
XX may use a first-aid box if it wants to treat injuries.
XX may use a truck if it wants to haul heavy things.
XX may use a dryer door if it wants to close the dryer.
XX may use a lightbulb if it wants to provide light.
XX may use an olive if it wants to flavor.
XX may use a light if it wants to provide the illumination.
XX may use a teacup if it wants to hold tea.
XX may use a barbeque grill if it wants to make the BBQ.
XX may use a first aid box if it wants to treat minor wounds.
XX may use a desktop if it wants to surf the net.
XX may use a boiler if it wants to make water.
XX may use a salt shaker if it wants to dispense salt.
XX may use a lighter if it wants to light a fire.
XX may use bed sheets if it wants to cover a matress.
XX may use an iron frying pan if it wants to fry bacon.
XX may use a lightbulb if it wants to light a lamp.
XX may use a baby seat if it wants to hold a baby.
XX may use a timer if it wants to track promptness.
XX may use curlers if it wants to curl the hair.
XX may use a wiper if it wants to clear the windshield.
XX may use a vcr if it wants to record.
XX may use a traffic light if it wants to direct the traffic.
XX may use a night stand if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a tv remote if it wants to change the channels.
XX may use a dart board if it wants to aim darts at.
XX may use a halogen desk lamp if it wants to provide light.
XX may use a tea if it wants to help in case of tiredness.
XX may use a jeweler chest if it wants to hold jewlery.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to light up a room.
XX may use a broom if it wants to sweep the floor.
XX may use a ping pong table if it wants to entertain.
XX may use an almond if it wants to make almond cookies.
XX may use a game box if it wants to store video games.
XX may use a snap if it wants to attach.
XX may use a pepper if it wants to season.
XX may use a rocking horse if it wants to entertain a child.
XX may use a popcorn if it wants to eat.
XX may use a robot if it wants to automate tasks.
XX may use an eggplant if it wants to satisfy the hunger.
XX may use a desktop if it wants to hold the computer.
XX may use a car seat if it wants to hold a passenger.
XX may use a yo-yo if it wants to entertain the young and the old.
XX may use a washcloth if it wants to clean the body.
XX may use nuts if it wants to make a peanut butter pie.
XX may use an easter basket if it wants to keep easter goodies.
XX may use a dish detergent if it wants to wash dishes.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to display a picture.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to keep off rain.
XX may use a chocolate if it wants to feed a sweet tooth.
XX may use a trumpet case if it wants to pack and carry around the instrument that is a trumpet.
XX may use a night stand if it wants to hold an alarm clock.
XX may use a leather satchel if it wants to carry things.
XX may use a computer battery if it wants to make the computer go.
XX may use a wrist watch band if it wants to wear on your wrist.
XX may use a statue if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a pen cap if it wants to cover the pen.
XX may use an earings if it wants to decorate the ears.
XX may use a ceiling light if it wants to light a room.
XX may use connections if it wants to connect objects.
XX may use a directory if it wants to find numbers.
XX may use a button if it wants to button up.
XX may use a bowtie if it wants to wear.
XX may use socks if it wants to keep feet warm.
XX may use a wood piece if it wants to build things.
XX may use a thumb tack if it wants to put things on the bulletin board.
XX may use a door if it wants to walk through.
XX may use a bait if it wants to lure animals.
XX may use a pancake if it wants to be consumed.
XX may use a home entertainment center if it wants to amuse Oneself.
XX may use a photocopy if it wants to copy a picture.
XX may use a bathroom sink if it wants to wash one's face and hands and wet a toothbrush to brush one's teeth.
XX may use a steak if it wants to feed a hungry man.
XX may use a baby basket if it wants to carry a baby.
XX may use a liquor if it wants to season the soup.
XX may use stationary if it wants to write letters.
XX may use a phone if it wants to talk to people on.
XX may use a color pencils if it wants to make a picture.
XX may use a handset if it wants to talk into.
XX may use scissors if it wants to trim the hair.
XX may use a clip board if it wants to clip objects on.
XX may use a snack if it wants to kill the hunger.
XX may use a washer if it wants to wash.
XX may use a watering of plants if it wants to nourish.
XX may use a seat if it wants to hold a piano player.
XX may use a photo copier if it wants to make duplicates.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to find somethingon the internet.
XX may use a calculation if it wants to calculate.
XX may use a coal chute if it wants to carry the coal.
XX may use a movie disc if it wants to view a movie.
XX may use a lampshade if it wants to shade the light.
XX may use a cast iron frying pan if it wants to cook.
XX may use a drain board if it wants to drain.
XX may use a tennis shoe if it wants to protect feet.
XX may use a spice box if it wants to store pepper.
XX may use a hand towel if it wants to dry the hands.
XX may use a rubber duckie if it wants to play with in the bathtub.
XX may use a cockroach trap if it wants to catch cockroach s.
XX may use an air  vent if it wants to provide some air movement.
XX may use a business card holder if it wants to hold business cards.
XX may use a dinner table if it wants to eat dinner at.
XX may use a box if it wants to store the stuff.
XX may use a bookshelf if it wants to carry books.
XX may use a sugar cookie if it wants to treat a child that is well behaved.
XX may use an alarm clock if it wants to wake you.
XX may use a sewing machine if it wants to sew.
XX may use an energy drink if it wants to boost one's energy level.
XX may use a tree if it wants to support a tree house.
XX may use an antenna if it wants to draw a reception from an outside source for a radio or other device.
XX may use a rose bud if it wants to place in a bouquet of flowers.
XX may use a butter if it wants to make bread taste good.
XX may use an exercise bicycle if it wants to work out.
XX may use a dartboard if it wants to shoot darts.
XX may use a flower pot if it wants to hold flowers.
XX may use a car seat if it wants to hold a baby.
XX may use a shopping cart if it wants to hold groceries.
XX may use a boiler if it wants to heat water.
XX may use a coat closet if it wants to store coats.
XX may use clothes if it wants to be worn.
XX may use a termite if it wants to chew wood.
XX may use an object on scale if it wants to check the weight.
XX may use a face mask if it wants to cover one's face.
XX may use a sushi roll if it wants to eat.
XX may use a cable if it wants to transmit an electric current.
XX may use a door bell button if it wants to ring a door bell.
XX may use a channel if it wants to tune to a particular frequency.
XX may use dollars if it wants to buy the stuff.
XX may use a mail sorter if it wants to organize mail.
XX may use a shoeshine if it wants to Polish shoes.
XX may use a checkbook if it wants to write cheques.
XX may use a washing machine if it wants to clean my clothes.
XX may use a TV if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a sticky tape to a carton if it wants to tape carton shut.
XX may use a cigar if it wants to smoke.
XX may use a filter if it wants to filter.
XX may use a home if it wants to house people.
XX may use a garlic bulb if it wants to flavor foods.
XX may use a perfume bottle if it wants to hold the perfume.
XX may use a chisel if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a power if it wants to run machines.
XX may use a band aid if it wants to cover a cut.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to protect a person from getting soaked.
XX may use a flour container if it wants to store flour.
XX may use a doll collection if it wants to be a hobbyy.
XX may use a teacup if it wants to drink tea.
XX may use a page hole-punch if it wants to punch holes in pages.
XX may use a yo yo string if it wants to play with a yo yo.
XX may use a hat rack if it wants to hold hats.
XX may use a mail if it wants to mail a letter.
XX may use a bowie pasta if it wants to fill people's hunger.
XX may use a clothes drier if it wants to dry clothes.
XX may use a truck if it wants to drive around.
XX may use an iron if it wants to iron.
XX may use a trumpet case if it wants to keep your trumpet in.
XX may use a book if it wants to entertain a person.
XX may use a message if it wants to read.
XX may use an automobile if it wants to transport passengers.
XX may use a printer cartridge if it wants to store printer ink.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to reduce and reuse.
XX may use an artificial plant if it wants to decorate the office.
XX may use a disk virus if it wants to screw up somebody's computer.
XX may use a teaspoon if it wants to scoop food.
XX may use a basket if it wants to store goods.
XX may use a drill if it wants to make a hole.
XX may use a hair-dryer if it wants to dry your wet hair.
XX may use boots if it wants to keep our feet safe.
XX may use a pen if it wants to write with.
XX may use a pod if it wants to hold peas.
XX may use a marker if it wants to draw.
XX may use a laundry softener if it wants to soften your clothes.
XX may use plates if it wants to put the food.
XX may use a cotton if it wants to wipe.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to cover a foot.
XX may use a letter cart if it wants to carry letters.
XX may use a folder if it wants to hold papers.
XX may use a cheese if it wants to put on a sandwich.
XX may use a house plant if it wants to look nice.
XX may use a bracket if it wants to set an object aside.
XX may use a jar of cotton balls if it wants to fix injuries.
XX may use a musical instrument if it wants to play.
XX may use a cardboard panel if it wants to display a presentation.
XX may use a wind if it wants to blow away smog.
XX may use a Mobile if it wants to call someone.
XX may use a helium balloon if it wants to give to kids.
XX may use a meal if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a mouth if it wants to talk.
XX may use a blender if it wants to mix.
XX may use a letter opener if it wants to open letters.
XX may use a can if it wants to store objects.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean something.
XX may use glasses if it wants to read better.
XX may use a book if it wants to give information.
XX may use labels if it wants to identify contents.
XX may use an internet connection if it wants to connect to the internet.
XX may use a whiteboard marker if it wants to write on a whiteboard.
XX may use an apple juice if it wants to drink.
XX may use a Sun if it wants to provide sunshine.
XX may use pliers if it wants to twist the wire.
XX may use a staple if it wants to bind papers together.
XX may use roses if it wants to beautify a vase.
XX may use a bank if it wants to store money.
XX may use a hat if it wants to shield the head.
XX may use a teapot if it wants to make tea.
XX may use a hair setting gel if it wants to give the hair body.
XX may use a juice if it wants to quench the thirst.
XX may use a carseat if it wants to keep baby safe.
XX may use a disk case if it wants to hold disks.
XX may use a coffee filter if it wants to make coffee.
XX may use a roach motel if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a mustard if it wants to spread on a hot dog.
XX may use a hub if it wants to hold wheel spokes.
XX may use a hard hat if it wants to protect a skull.
XX may use a hair blowdryer if it wants to make your hair dry when it it wet.
XX may use an easle if it wants to paint.
XX may use a food processor if it wants to grind up food.
XX may use a bathroom if it wants to wash up.
XX may use a toilet scrubber if it wants to clean a toilet.
XX may use lentils if it wants to make soup.
XX may use a brass instrument if it wants to play a nice song.
XX may use a baby swing if it wants to play on.
XX may use a pencil if it wants to write.
XX may use a bathtime if it wants to clean.
XX may use a pacifier if it wants to keep a baby calm.
XX may use a stuffed animal if it wants to eat.
XX may use a tooth brush if it wants to clean.
XX may use a reclining chair if it wants to lean back while sitting.
XX may use a leaf if it wants to signal the autumn.
XX may use a lightbulb if it wants to light a room.
XX may use a wax application if it wants to remove unwanted hair.
XX may use a microwave oven if it wants to warm food.
XX may use a star chart if it wants to keep track of something.
XX may use a table cover if it wants to cover a  table.
XX may use a gas stove if it wants to cool food.
XX may use a fishing tackle box if it wants to carry lures.
XX may use an album if it wants to store pictures.
XX may use a metal toolbox if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a hair dryer if it wants to dry your hair after a shower.
XX may use a bagel if it wants to feed people.
XX may use an air vent if it wants to let the air out.
XX may use a cooling system if it wants to cool the car.
XX may use a bowl of rice if it wants to have rice in.
XX may use a mint if it wants to freshen one's breath.
XX may use paper clips if it wants to keep papers together.
XX may use a coke can if it wants to hold different types of coke.
XX may use a light if it wants to light up a room.
XX may use a kid if it wants to aggravate.
XX may use fluids if it wants to quench your thirst.
XX may use a store room if it wants to keep store items in.
XX may use a trap if it wants to catch something.
XX may use an ergonomic table if it wants to make work more comfortable.
XX may use a weed wacker if it wants to remove weeds.
XX may use an antique if it wants to furnish a home.
XX may use pens if it wants to write with.
XX may use a garbage bags if it wants to store garbage.
XX may use a sponge if it wants to soak up liquid.
XX may use a cedar chest if it wants to store things.
XX may use a transparency sheet if it wants to make an overhead.
XX may use a shell if it wants to hold animals.
XX may use a wood log if it wants to keep you warm by its burning.
XX may use a reading lamp if it wants to provide light.
XX may use a spatula if it wants to cook.
XX may use a pair of contacts if it wants to see more clearly.
XX may use a cardboard panel if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a detergent if it wants to clean.
XX may use a pencil if it wants to write things down.
XX may use a recliner if it wants to relax.
XX may use binoculars if it wants to watch things far away.
XX may use dishes if it wants to hold  food.
XX may use a phonebook if it wants to search for people.
XX may use a refrigerator if it wants to keep food items cold.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to inform and/or entertain.
XX may use a coat-hanger if it wants to put coats on.
XX may use a cappuccino if it wants to drink hot or cold.
XX may use a pan with bare hands if it wants to cause a burn.
XX may use a cleaning rag if it wants to wipe down items that are dusty or dirty.
XX may use a swiss cheese if it wants to make some recipes.
XX may use a tv guide if it wants to see what is on tv.
XX may use a cherry if it wants to put on top of martinis.
XX may use a desk lamp if it wants to light a room.
XX may use a push pin if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a rag if it wants to be placed below the coffee table.
XX may use a baby mobile if it wants to transport the kid.
XX may use a Teddy if it wants to wear to bed.
XX may use a coal chute if it wants to heat the house.
XX may use a lightbulb if it wants to illuminate.
XX may use a waste basket if it wants to throw out garbage.
XX may use a grass catcher if it wants to catch clippings.
XX may use a bath time if it wants to bathe.
XX may use a printer if it wants to print documents.
XX may use a jacket if it wants to wear.
XX may use a trackball-mouse if it wants to navigate.
XX may use a page hole-punch if it wants to punch holes in paper.
XX may use a paint brush if it wants to paint pictures.
XX may use a pie crust if it wants to cover the pie.
XX may use a bed side table if it wants to put small things on it.
XX may use a baby wipes if it wants to clean.
XX may use a bean bag if it wants to provide a comfortable seat.
XX may use a power source if it wants to make the space heater work.
XX may use a bowl of crayons if it wants to organize crayons.
XX may use a measuring cup if it wants to measure food ingredients.
XX may use a bread if it wants to eat.
XX may use a spill if it wants to make a mess.
XX may use a tackle box if it wants to keep fishing items together.
XX may use a blow dryer if it wants to dry.
XX may use a toner cartridge if it wants to print.
XX may use a rose if it wants to look at.
XX may use a mechanic if it wants to fix cars.
XX may use a museum if it wants to display historic artifacts.
XX may use a window if it wants to keep out the elements.
XX may use a curtain if it wants to cover windows.
XX may use a jump rope if it wants to exercise with.
XX may use a party cake if it wants to celebrate.
XX may use a pasta if it wants to eat.
XX may use an entertainment centre if it wants to hold the tv.
XX may use a food if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a nightstand if it wants to hold a lamp.
XX may use a dispenser if it wants to dispense things.
XX may use a pajama if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a credit card if it wants to buy books.
XX may use a leash if it wants to restrain an animal.
XX may use a beer if it wants to quench a thirst.
XX may use a toilet if it wants to urinate.
XX may use an inkwell if it wants to write with a pen.
XX may use an ice cube if it wants to cool things.
XX may use a seat if it wants to hold a person.
XX may use a battery if it wants to power electronic products.
XX may use a bath tub if it wants to bathe in.
XX may use a hair brusher if it wants to brush the hair.
XX may use a sandwich if it wants to nourish one's body.
XX may use a dollar bill if it wants to pay for something.
XX may use a kitchen gas stove if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a staircase if it wants to move up and down floors in the house.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to tell the date.
XX may use a glue stick if it wants to stick something to something else.
XX may use a beet if it wants to eat as salad.
XX may use a tableware if it wants to eat dinner.
XX may use elderly if it wants to teach young people.
XX may use a coffee machine if it wants to make coffee.
XX may use a maid if it wants to clean.
XX may use a placemat if it wants to protect the table.
XX may use a plate if it wants to eat off of.
XX may use a wheel if it wants to move objects.
XX may use a latch if it wants to fasten a cabinet.
XX may use a racket if it wants to play with.
XX may use an air pump if it wants to force air into something.
XX may use a thumb tack if it wants to secure the paper.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to keep ice.
XX may use kegs if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a cappuccino if it wants to drink.
XX may use a display if it wants to showcase a product.
XX may use a stove if it wants to cook some food.
XX may use a comforter if it wants to provide the warmth.
XX may use a towel if it wants to dry things.
XX may use a car keys if it wants to START the car.
XX may use a firealarm if it wants to alarm us of a fire.
XX may use a sticky note if it wants to leave a message.
XX may use a dental floss if it wants to floss teeth.
XX may use a knickknack rack if it wants to hold knicknacks.
XX may use a dental floss if it wants to clean between the teeth.
XX may use a button if it wants to hold  things in place.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to hold liquid.
XX may use a light source if it wants to shine light.
XX may use an art if it wants to decorate a home.
XX may use a bicycle lock if it wants to lock a bike.
XX may use a spade if it wants to dig up things.
XX may use a chimney if it wants to remove the exhaust.
XX may use a game controller if it wants to control the game.
XX may use a cage if it wants to keep an animal in.
XX may use a pepper if it wants to heat flavor of foods.
XX may use a tea if it wants to make tea.
XX may use a liquid if it wants to drink.
XX may use a dvd disk if it wants to store a movie.
XX may use a record book if it wants to keep records in.
XX may use a hot water knob if it wants to turn on hot water.
XX may use a love seat if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a fireman axe if it wants to open a door.
XX may use a chessboard if it wants to play chess.
XX may use a portrait if it wants to have a painting of a loved one.
XX may use an electrician if it wants to fix wiring.
XX may use a lens cleaner if it wants to clean lenses.
XX may use a cleaning supplies if it wants to clean things.
XX may use a flame if it wants to light a fire.
XX may use a motor if it wants to spin around.
XX may use a coat hanger if it wants to hang clothes.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to hold garbage.
XX may use a milk carton if it wants to hold milk.
XX may use a laundry detergent if it wants to clean clothes.
XX may use cold if it wants to reduce the temperatue of objects.
XX may use an end table if it wants to put the alarm clock.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to play music.
XX may use a record player if it wants to listen to recordings.
XX may use a wood piece if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a refrigerator if it wants to make ice cubes.
XX may use a drum if it wants to beat time.
XX may use a delivery truck if it wants to deliver things.
XX may use a dress if it wants to wear.
XX may use a home entertainment center if it wants to listen to music.
XX may use a man if it wants to work.
XX may use a kittylitter if it wants to fill a litterbox.
XX may use a toaster cools if it wants to cool.
XX may use a staircase if it wants to climb to another level or escape if there is a fire.
XX may use a wine class if it wants to teach about the different kinds of wine.
XX may use a rice if it wants to cook.
XX may use an axe if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a bag if it wants to store things.
XX may use a Mobile if it wants to drive.
XX may use a telephone jack if it wants to connect a telephone cord.
XX may use a perfume if it wants to smell nice.
XX may use a disc if it wants to play.
XX may use a hotpad if it wants to protect your hand.
XX may use a handset if it wants to listen.
XX may use a blunt pencil if it wants to write.
XX may use paper towels if it wants to clean small spills.
XX may use a yarn if it wants to knit something.
XX may use a cleanser if it wants to clean things.
XX may use a coin if it wants to purchase goods and services.
XX may use a cushion if it wants to make sitting on a couch more comfortable.
XX may use a dish if it wants to serve food on.
XX may use a nut if it wants to make food.
XX may use a nail file if it wants to smooth nails.
XX may use a scissor if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a drain if it wants to draw off (a liquid) by a gradual process.
XX may use a laundry softener if it wants to make clothing soft.
XX may use a shoe tree if it wants to hold shoes.
XX may use a metal material if it wants to manufacture objects that will be electrically conductive or sturdy.
XX may use a peeler if it wants to take the skin off of something.
XX may use a video game if it wants to play.
XX may use a tool if it wants to manipulate objects.
XX may use a kitchen stove if it wants to cook things on.
XX may use a cooker element if it wants to cook.
XX may use a heater if it wants to heat.
XX may use a trashcan if it wants to throw trash into.
XX may use a cable modem if it wants to contact to internet.
XX may use an electric socket if it wants to plug things in.
XX may use a paperclips if it wants to fasten papers together.
XX may use a telephone book if it wants to find telephone numbers.
XX may use a bucket if it wants to hold water.
XX may use an oil if it wants to make food.
XX may use a gingerbread cookie if it wants to treat a kid.
XX may use a steel box if it wants to hold items securley.
XX may use a screen if it wants to display information.
XX may use a notice if it wants to let a person know something important.
XX may use a bicycle tire if it wants to ride a bicycle.
XX may use a dishwasher soap if it wants to clean dishes.
XX may use a salt if it wants to add the taste.
XX may use a table cloth if it wants to keep the table clean.
XX may use a flame if it wants to light something on fire.
XX may use a plyers if it wants to hold an object.
XX may use a medicine capsule if it wants to take when you aren't feeling well.
XX may use a bicycle lock if it wants to lock up a bike.
XX may use an altar if it wants to worship.
XX may use a hook if it wants to hang up clothes.
XX may use a urinal if it wants to pee in.
XX may use a bed side table if it wants to put a lamp on.
XX may use a salad dressing if it wants to flavor a salad.
XX may use a dusting rag if it wants to clean.
XX may use a mail if it wants to advertise.
XX may use a kitchen gas stove if it wants to cook.
XX may use a hammer if it wants to hammer.
XX may use a cocoa if it wants to make chocolate powder.
XX may use balloons if it wants to make children happy.
XX may use a disk drive if it wants to read disks.
XX may use a jelly if it wants to thicken with.
XX may use a plate if it wants to serve food.
XX may use a videotape if it wants to play a movie.
XX may use a pot if it wants to grow plants in.
XX may use an object on scale if it wants to check its weight.
XX may use a roach motel if it wants to house.
XX may use a tool box if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a footrest if it wants to rest feet.
XX may use a windbreaker if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a headboard if it wants to protect the wall.
XX may use a multi-tool if it wants to fix lots of different things.
XX may use a crib if it wants to put the baby in to sleep.
XX may use a birthday cake if it wants to celebrate someone's birthday.
XX may use a plate if it wants to hold food.
XX may use a power switch if it wants to switch on power.
XX may use a duvet if it wants to be a blanket.
XX may use a butter if it wants to fry foods with.
XX may use a gown if it wants to be nicely dressed for a party.
XX may use a scarf if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a bookmark if it wants to Mark a page in a book.
XX may use an electric socket if it wants to provide power all over the house.
XX may use a phonograph if it wants to play records.
XX may use an office chair if it wants to sit.
XX may use a DVD if it wants to record movies.
XX may use a daiquiri if it wants to quench a thirst.
XX may use a telephone book if it wants to hold up tables.
XX may use a hot water facuet if it wants to discharge hot water.
XX may use a door if it wants to divide two rooms.
XX may use a folding chair if it wants to take to soccer games.
XX may use a toy train if it wants to entertain young and old.
XX may use a high chair if it wants to baby sit on those.
XX may use a scrap if it wants to throw away.
XX may use a frosted cake if it wants to eat.
XX may use a stroller if it wants to hold a child.
XX may use a toilet paper if it wants to provide the hygiene.
XX may use a duffle bag if it wants to hold things that one will carry from place to place.
XX may use a woolen clothes if it wants to wear on cold days.
XX may use a plant if it wants to make a room nicer.
XX may use a nightstand if it wants to hold things close to bed.
XX may use a ceiling light if it wants to light the room up.
XX may use a book jacket if it wants to decorate a book.
XX may use a staple remover if it wants to remove staples from paper.
XX may use shoes if it wants to quicken your pace.
XX may use an apple if it wants to eat with honey.
XX may use a movie if it wants to entertain people of all agres.
XX may use words if it wants to express.
XX may use a speed if it wants to judge distance traveled.
XX may use a bag holder if it wants to hold b ags.
XX may use an entertainment system if it wants to watch.
XX may use a wine cellar if it wants to store wine.
XX may use a track if it wants to run on.
XX may use a potholder if it wants to carry hot pans.
XX may use a binder if it wants to hold assignments.
XX may use a lamp if it wants to make room brighter.
XX may use a mask if it wants to disguise.
XX may use a house coat if it wants to wear over pajamas.
XX may use a dollhouse if it wants to play with.
XX may use a pancake if it wants to eat.
XX may use a computer game if it wants to entertain people.
XX may use a litter box if it wants to hold cats  litter.
XX may use flowers if it wants to look nice.
XX may use a farmer if it wants to grow fresh vegetables.
XX may use a tyre if it wants to cut the stuff.
XX may use a nightsuit if it wants to wear.
XX may use a restaurant if it wants to be eaten at.
XX may use a milk if it wants to feed babies.
XX may use a dog treat if it wants to reward your pet.
XX may use drier if it wants to dry human hair.
XX may use a winter coat if it wants to warm a body.
XX may use an antenna if it wants to make things clearer.
XX may use a drainage if it wants to allow water to flow.
XX may use a fire extinguisher if it wants to extinguish a fire.
XX may use a sewing desk if it wants to sew.
XX may use a textbook if it wants to teach.
XX may use a mug if it wants to drink hot beverages.
XX may use a cookie if it wants to reward a child.
XX may use a mask if it wants to hide.
XX may use a bible if it wants to read and learn.
XX may use a match if it wants to be lit.
XX may use a wheel if it wants to allow a bicycle to move.
XX may use a toybox if it wants to hold toys.
XX may use a bedsheet on the bed if it wants to make the bed.
XX may use a timer if it wants to finish things at a certain time.
XX may use an air conditioner if it wants to cool areas.
XX may use a photocopy if it wants to hand out.
XX may use a water pitcher if it wants to pour a drink.
XX may use a bathroom if it wants to complete hygenic tasks.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to walk in.
XX may use an electric stove burner if it wants to cook.
XX may use a goal if it wants to encourage the growth.
XX may use a mouse pad if it wants to protect a mouse.
XX may use a shower head if it wants to dispense water.
XX may use a coat closet if it wants to hang your coats.
XX may use a ball with bat if it wants to play with.
XX may use a tap if it wants to turn on.
XX may use a mug if it wants to drink out of.
XX may use a washrag if it wants to wash.
XX may use a gloss if it wants to shine.
XX may use a cane if it wants to assist walking.
XX may use stamps if it wants to mail.
XX may use contacts if it wants to correct the vision.
XX may use a pacifier if it wants to calm children.
XX may use a wall if it wants to contain.
XX may use a battery if it wants to give the energy.
XX may use an easter egg if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a floss if it wants to help get food particles out of your teeth.
XX may use a cord if it wants to supply power to the device'.
XX may use a roll of tape if it wants to secure something.
XX may use a stencil if it wants to create designs.
XX may use a modem if it wants to use the internet.
XX may use a kitchen if it wants to cook food in.
XX may use an easel if it wants to paint the picture.
XX may use a staircase if it wants to climb up or down.
XX may use a lego if it wants to build fantastic vehicles.
XX may use a belt if it wants to make your pants stay on.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to cool food.
XX may use a soft-drink can if it wants to fill trash cans.
XX may use a hole puncher if it wants to make holes.
XX may use a contacts case if it wants to store contacts.
XX may use a soft drink if it wants to drink.
XX may use a PDA if it wants to record data.
XX may use disks if it wants to record information.
XX may use an address if it wants to send mail to.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to make mobile phone calls.
XX may use a hearth if it wants to light up fire.
XX may use a rope if it wants to tie things.
XX may use a fire if it wants to keep people warm.
XX may use a child cup if it wants to entertain a child.
XX may use a wreath if it wants to signify something festive.
XX may use an iv if it wants to feed.
XX may use a 3 prong plug if it wants to go in  a plug.
XX may use a tupperware if it wants to contain food properly.
XX may use a test tube if it wants to hold chemicals.
XX may use a clamp if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a gameboard if it wants to play a  game on.
XX may use a shopping basket if it wants to shop.
XX may use a candle if it wants to hold a flame.
XX may use a rain if it wants to moisten the ground.
XX may use a capo if it wants to change the tuning of a guitar.
XX may use a paper clip holder if it wants to hold the paper.
XX may use a warning light if it wants to warn of danger.
XX may use a tennis ball if it wants to play tennis.
XX may use a tissue box if it wants to sneeze.
XX may use a plate if it wants to put food on.
XX may use a toy car to child if it wants to play.
XX may use boots if it wants to wear on feet.
XX may use an adapter if it wants to play a device.
XX may use a bra if it wants to support the breasts.
XX may use a webcam if it wants to live images of others via the internet.
XX may use heels if it wants to give height to a person.
XX may use a fire place if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a vaccum cleaner if it wants to become dirt off of the floor.
XX may use an arm chair if it wants to sit comfrotably.
XX may use a drawer if it wants to keep possesions in.
XX may use a blotter if it wants to blot ink.
XX may use a clothes drier if it wants to dry some clothes.
XX may use a glass cup if it wants to hold liquids.
XX may use pills if it wants to make someone feel better.
XX may use a sandwich fillings if it wants to make sandwiches.
XX may use a robot if it wants to study.
XX may use a garlic bulb if it wants to plant the garlic.
XX may use a watering pail if it wants to water the plants.
XX may use an entertainment centre if it wants to house electronic goods.
XX may use a plumber if it wants to fix plumbing problems.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to interact with electronic data.
XX may use a paper if it wants to print on.
XX may use a bike lock if it wants to keep a bike from being stolen.
XX may use a shipping box if it wants to send things.
XX may use a fireplace screen if it wants to contain the fire.
XX may use a baby shoes if it wants to wear.
XX may use a wall mirror if it wants to show your refection.
XX may use a CD PLAYER if it wants to play a compact disc.
XX may use an electricity outlet if it wants to make things run.
XX may use a wind chime if it wants to listen to.
XX may use a desk fan if it wants to cool whoever is sitting at the desk.
XX may use a headboard if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to show information.
XX may use an art if it wants to be seen.
XX may use a case if it wants to hold contacts.
XX may use an electrician if it wants to repair electricity.
XX may use a rotating blade if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a lightswitch if it wants to turn the light on/off.
XX may use a back pack if it wants to store things.
XX may use a calender if it wants to show dates.
XX may use a rice cooker if it wants to cook rice.
XX may use a cable modem if it wants to connect.
XX may use a washed cup if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a cereal box if it wants to keep cereal in it.
XX may use a collar if it wants to put on a dog.
XX may use a stool if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a beetle killer if it wants to kill.
XX may use a horn if it wants to alarm someone.
XX may use a spring if it wants to provide the elasticity.
XX may use an ac if it wants to cool a person down.
XX may use a hi-fi if it wants to sound the system.
XX may use an eggplant if it wants to make eggplant parmigiana.
XX may use a work bench if it wants to fix something.
XX may use a hanger if it wants to hang clothes.
XX may use a sponge if it wants to soak up water.
XX may use a soap bar if it wants to wash yourself with.
XX may use a top if it wants to spin.
XX may use a window sill if it wants to cover the window.
XX may use a paper pad if it wants to take notes on.
XX may use a curtain if it wants to maintain the privacy.
XX may use a tray if it wants to place a  meal to be serve.
XX may use a ruler if it wants to draw straight lines.
XX may use a hair setting gel if it wants to keep hair in place.
XX may use an ice bucket if it wants to hold ice.
XX may use a laundry if it wants to hold dirty clothes.
XX may use a necklace if it wants to grab the attention.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to hold a photo.
XX may use a night stand if it wants to hold stuff we need close.
XX may use an army knife if it wants to cut.
XX may use a head if it wants to house brains.
XX may use a freezer if it wants to keep food cold.
XX may use chopsticks if it wants to hold up food.
XX may use a horn if it wants to blow.
XX may use a toilet if it wants to defecate into.
XX may use a transformer if it wants to transmit electricity.
XX may use a cat if it wants to be a person's pet.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to talk to people.
XX may use a computer if it wants to store and retrieve information.
XX may use a nanny if it wants to take care of the children.
XX may use a pepper if it wants to garnish a meal.
XX may use a stand if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a staircase if it wants to climb stairs.
XX may use a briefcase if it wants to hold documents.
XX may use a ceiling fan if it wants to circulate air.
XX may use a swing if it wants to swing on.
XX may use a dog biscuit if it wants to feed dogs.
XX may use a coke can if it wants to drink.
XX may use a ringer if it wants to alert someone of a phone call.
XX may use an arm if it wants to lift things.
XX may use a statue if it wants to enhance a park.
XX may use a can of greenbeans if it wants to make vegetables.
XX may use diapers if it wants to poop in.
XX may use a time-clock if it wants to wake up to.
XX may use a tennis racquet if it wants to hit balls.
XX may use an underwear if it wants to be worn under clothing.
XX may use a bedroom if it wants to go to bed.
XX may use a conditioner bottle if it wants to contain the conditioner.
XX may use a placemats & cutlery if it wants to protect the table.
XX may use a habit if it wants to break.
XX may use a package if it wants to protect an item during shipping.
XX may use a wrist guard if it wants to protect the wrist.
XX may use a briefcase if it wants to store important documents.
XX may use a house plant if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a seed if it wants to grow a plant.
XX may use an area rug if it wants to cover the floor.
XX may use a dice if it wants to play a board game.
XX may use a book list if it wants to determine what books to read.
XX may use a dartboard if it wants to throw things on.
XX may use a pot if it wants to cook.
XX may use a bike if it wants to move one's self outside the home.
XX may use a canned food if it wants to cook.
XX may use a video game system if it wants to play video games.
XX may use a light bulb if it wants to emit light.
XX may use a pillow case if it wants to cover the pillow.
XX may use a bird if it wants to play badmitten.
XX may use a fire extinguisher if it wants to put out fire.
XX may use a cat if it wants to meow.
XX may use a cutting board if it wants to preserve the edge of a knife, the surface of a counter, while cutting food.
XX may use a computer cpu if it wants to process data.
XX may use a box spring mattress if it wants to provide a sleeping surface.
XX may use a paper clip if it wants to hold together paper.
XX may use an operating system if it wants to operate.
XX may use a recycle can if it wants to put in the recycle bin.
XX may use a water supply tap if it wants to attach the water hose.
XX may use a twine if it wants to tie something together.
XX may use a xbox if it wants to play games.
XX may use a computer mouse if it wants to maneuver the icons on the computer.
XX may use a dressing table if it wants to apply your makeup at.
XX may use a window cleaner if it wants to clean windows.
XX may use a salt if it wants to add spice to a food item.
XX may use a cat box if it wants to keep cats.
XX may use a fire alarm if it wants to alert people to a fire.
XX may use a pad if it wants to hold handwritten notes.
XX may use a grinder if it wants to grind up food.
XX may use a copier if it wants to make copies of document.
XX may use a curtain if it wants to keep light from entering through a window.
XX may use a fuse if it wants to supply power.
XX may use a motorcycle if it wants to commute.
XX may use a thread if it wants to sew clothes.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to protect a person from rain.
XX may use a bedsheet if it wants to cover the mattress.
XX may use a frying pan if it wants to fry food.
XX may use an ornament if it wants to hang on christmas tree.
XX may use a letter opener if it wants to open envelopes.
XX may use a reading glass if it wants to read a page.
XX may use an alarm system if it wants to warn you.
XX may use a food bowl if it wants to hold the dog food.
XX may use a drivers license if it wants to be able to drive.
XX may use a mom if it wants to give love.
XX may use darts if it wants to play a game.
XX may use a pearl necklace if it wants to decorate ones neck.
XX may use a desk lamp if it wants to light the desk.
XX may use a table legs if it wants to support the table.
XX may use a teacup if it wants to hold a drink.
XX may use a wash basin if it wants to clean hands.
XX may use a tool chest if it wants to hold tools.
XX may use a CD BURNER if it wants to burn information on a cd.
XX may use a babies highchair if it wants to allow a baby to access food which is on a table.
XX may use a plyers if it wants to twist a screw.
XX may use a table if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a bag if it wants to hold more than one thing.
XX may use a hole puncher if it wants to punch the hole.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to put rubbish in.
XX may use a contacts case if it wants to hold contacts.
XX may use a changing table if it wants to change babies.
XX may use a shelf if it wants to store things.
XX may use a miter saw if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a lubricant if it wants to coat things.
XX may use a fishing pole if it wants to fish.
XX may use a business card holder if it wants to hold cards.
XX may use a jack in the box if it wants to entertain a child as a toy.
XX may use a sauce bottle if it wants to contain the sauce.
XX may use a bowl of soup if it wants to nourish a person's body.
XX may use a shower curtain if it wants to keep the water contained within the bathing area.
XX may use a tape if it wants to record information.
XX may use a party food if it wants to feed the guests.
XX may use a hoe if it wants to die in the ground.
XX may use matches if it wants to light a fire.
XX may use an odometer if it wants to count miles.
XX may use an orange if it wants to eat.
XX may use a daiquiri if it wants to have a drink and relax.
XX may use a punching machine if it wants to increase mussel strength.
XX may use a mustard if it wants to put on a hot dog bun.
XX may use a zip-disk drive if it wants to store files.
XX may use a shower if it wants to become clean.
XX may use a calculator if it wants to calculate.
XX may use spectacles if it wants to read with.
XX may use a photo reel if it wants to show pictures.
XX may use a coffee if it wants to energize a person.
XX may use a blacktop if it wants to make roads.
XX may use an ash tray if it wants to put ciggerettes out in.
XX may use a lock if it wants to secure something.
XX may use a hamster if it wants to play with.
XX may use a recycling can if it wants to store recyclables.
XX may use a fax machinie if it wants to send a fax.
XX may use a conditioner bottle if it wants to store the conditioner.
XX may use a kitchen aid mixer if it wants to mix dough.
XX may use an oil painting if it wants to paint.
XX may use bricks if it wants to build a house.
XX may use a fire extinguisher if it wants to put out a fire.
XX may use a humidifier if it wants to add moisture to the air.
XX may use a circuit breaker panel if it wants to protect circuit breakers.
XX may use a drainage if it wants to drain.
XX may use a shaver if it wants to shave unwanted hairs.
XX may use a body spray if it wants to spray on the body.
XX may use a sand if it wants to bury the stuff.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to hold recyclable materials.
XX may use an insulation panel if it wants to insulate.
XX may use a dentist if it wants to clean teeth.
XX may use a note pad if it wants to write down information.
XX may use a pot from the kitchen if it wants to cook.
XX may use a drawer if it wants to store the clothing.
XX may use a mixing bowl if it wants to mix the stuff.
XX may use a mail bin if it wants to hold mail.
XX may use a bag lunch if it wants to eat.
XX may use eyes if it wants to see things better.
XX may use a paperweight if it wants to hold papers down.
XX may use a fax machine if it wants to fax papers.
XX may use a channel if it wants to travel in.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to keep frozen.
XX may use a mail bag if it wants to mail things.
XX may use a sharpener if it wants to sharpen pencils.
XX may use a floss teeth if it wants to floss gums.
XX may use an attache case if it wants to store items.
XX may use a harness if it wants to put on a horse.
XX may use a rubberband if it wants to tie up bags.
XX may use a shower head if it wants to spray water.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to make copies of documents.
XX may use a bolt if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use a nail clipper if it wants to cut the nails.
XX may use a hearth if it wants to warm the home.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to look at oneself.
XX may use a tap if it wants to have water.
XX may use a filing cabinet if it wants to file bills.
XX may use a drill if it wants to drill things.
XX may use a home if it wants to live in.
XX may use a dustbin if it wants to become rid of dust.
XX may use a dining room hutch if it wants to eat on.
XX may use a lights in day if it wants to see.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to look at one's reflection.
XX may use a belt sander if it wants to sand.
XX may use a mobile phone if it wants to communicate.
XX may use a blow dryer if it wants to dry the hair.
XX may use a button if it wants to be pressed.
XX may use a fishing tackle box if it wants to carry equipment in.
XX may use a flower in the pot if it wants to store the plant.
XX may use a tap if it wants to thread.
XX may use a pillowcase if it wants to cover a pillow.
XX may use paper towels if it wants to clean up a mess.
XX may use a remote control if it wants to change channels.
XX may use a cap if it wants to ensure nothing falls out.
XX may use a channel if it wants to watch a show on.
XX may use a carpet if it wants to walk on.
XX may use a plyers if it wants to hold something.
XX may use a musical instrument if it wants to be played.
XX may use a memo pad if it wants to write down memos.
XX may use a play room if it wants to let the kids play.
XX may use a board game if it wants to pass the time.
XX may use a motor if it wants to power a car.
XX may use a suitcase if it wants to hold clothes.
XX may use a wick if it wants to melt candle wax.
XX may use a guitar cover if it wants to protect a guitar.
XX may use a hair blower if it wants to dry your hair.
XX may use a swing if it wants to swing someone back and forth.
XX may use a wine if it wants to relax.
XX may use a bedside table if it wants to place things on.
XX may use a lawn if it wants to play on.
XX may use a floor if it wants to walk on.
XX may use mittens if it wants to keep hands warm.
XX may use a jug if it wants to hold drinks.
XX may use a platter if it wants to hold food.
XX may use a chair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use a computer game if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a walker if it wants to assist a person in walking.
XX may use a notebook computer if it wants to store data.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to see yourself.
XX may use a vise grips if it wants to grip tightly.
XX may use a pear if it wants to eat.
XX may use a jack in the box if it wants to play and entertain.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to staple important papers together.
XX may use a video game console if it wants to play games on.
XX may use exits if it wants to exit.
XX may use a solder if it wants to fight.
XX may use a caller id if it wants to identify people.
XX may use a sharpening stone if it wants to sharpen an axe.
XX may use a bird if it wants to fly.
XX may use a steam cooker if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a toolkit if it wants to repair things that are broken.
XX may use a dusting cloth if it wants to dust.
XX may use a baseball if it wants to play the ball.
XX may use a picture if it wants to capture a moment in time.
XX may use a freezer if it wants to hold food frozen.
XX may use a garbage can if it wants to hold garbage.
XX may use a curio cabinet if it wants to store trinkets.
XX may use a lamp fixture if it wants to light a room.
XX may use a poker chips if it wants to gamble.
XX may use a peanut butter if it wants to place on toast.
XX may use a jug if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a papaya if it wants to eat.
XX may use a bleach if it wants to color.
XX may use a pet food dish if it wants to hold pet  food.
XX may use a rain if it wants to clean the sidewalks.
XX may use a fire if it wants to roast marshmallows.
XX may use a sweatshirt if it wants to keep the body warm.
XX may use a device cord if it wants to connect  to a device.
XX may use a tv channel operator if it wants to change the channel.
XX may use a rug if it wants to muffle footsteps.
XX may use a cheese slice if it wants to make sandwiches.
XX may use clothes if it wants to cover human beings.
XX may use a gas range if it wants to cook on.
XX may use a banana if it wants to make banana creme pie.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to make music with.
XX may use a magnifying lens if it wants to magnify an object.
XX may use a trailer if it wants to camp in.
XX may use clothes if it wants to cover.
XX may use a cushion if it wants to keep comfortable.
XX may use a chalkboard eraser if it wants to clean a chalkboard.
XX may use a solitaire game if it wants to pass time.
XX may use a tablespoon if it wants to measure liquids.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to keep track of dates.
XX may use a bar if it wants to hang clothes.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to protect.
XX may use a nightsuit if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to keep one dry.
XX may use a gym if it wants to exercise in.
XX may use a kitchen if it wants to cook in.
XX may use a playstation if it wants to play games.
XX may use an intruder if it wants to steal from people.
XX may use a month if it wants to divide up a year.
XX may use a chalkboard if it wants to write notes for students.
XX may use a peach if it wants to eat.
XX may use a pitchfork if it wants to move the straw.
XX may use a cd-rw if it wants to store data.
XX may use a clock timer if it wants to count down the baking time of a cake in the oven.
XX may use a coat if it wants to keep someone warm.
XX may use a party if it wants to entertain guests.
XX may use a skateboard if it wants to go from place to place.
XX may use a fruit if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a hand mixing machine if it wants to mix the dough.
XX may use an air if it wants to breathe.
XX may use a door mat if it wants to wipe your feet on.
XX may use an excercise bike if it wants to become in shape.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to display video images.
XX may use a soil if it wants to grow a plant.
XX may use a top if it wants to play with and spin.
XX may use a footstool if it wants to rest feet.
XX may use a garden hose if it wants to water the plants.
XX may use a tricycle if it wants to ride.
XX may use a painting if it wants to decorate a wall.
XX may use a stamp if it wants to send out mail.
XX may use an egg shell if it wants to store a chicken.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to stir.
XX may use a felt hat if it wants to be worn outside.
XX may use an altar if it wants to sacrifice.
XX may use a computer battery if it wants to keep the computer running properly.
XX may use an electric power if it wants to provide energy to make machines work.
XX may use a tree if it wants to make the shade.
XX may use a lego if it wants to build structures with which to play when one is a child.
XX may use blinds if it wants to give the privacy.
XX may use a filing system if it wants to keep files neat.
XX may use a golf tee if it wants to hold a golf ball steady.
XX may use cartoons if it wants to read.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to eat with.
XX may use a yo-yo if it wants to entertain people and do tricks.
XX may use a food if it wants to nourish.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to keep you dry.
XX may use a burger if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a purse with money if it wants to keep things safe.
XX may use a bike if it wants to ride around on.
XX may use a soda if it wants to quench someone's thirst or sugar tooth.
XX may use a scarf if it wants to cover the head.
XX may use a paint brush if it wants to paint with.
XX may use a keyboard stand if it wants to play music.
XX may use a knife if it wants to cut items.
XX may use dolls if it wants to play with.
XX may use a baby mobile if it wants to entertain a baby.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to copy papers.
XX may use a whistle if it wants to blow.
XX may use a toy car if it wants to play and have fun.
XX may use a rag if it wants to wipe up messes.
XX may use a mattress if it wants to sleep.
XX may use a note pad if it wants to take notes.
XX may use sandals if it wants to cover feet.
XX may use a restaurant number if it wants to seat people orderly.
XX may use a faucet if it wants to turn on and give water.
XX may use a Puck if it wants to play hockey.
XX may use a reception bell if it wants to ring.
XX may use a toy if it wants to play with.
XX may use a notice if it wants to send information.
XX may use a hair if it wants to cover your head.
XX may use a milk if it wants to drink.
XX may use an adapter if it wants to adapt to things.
XX may use a firealarm if it wants to alarm about fire.
XX may use a gravy if it wants to make food tastier.
XX may use an odometer if it wants to track the auto's mileage.
XX may use a mail sorter if it wants to sort the mail.
XX may use a roller skate if it wants to skate.
XX may use a pieces of glass if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a mail box if it wants to receive and send mail.
XX may use a desktop globe if it wants to give light.
XX may use a garbage bin if it wants to collect the trash.
XX may use an envelope if it wants to contain a letter.
XX may use a bedroom if it wants to sleep.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to provide shelter from rain.
XX may use a pajama if it wants to put on when it is time to go to bed.
XX may use a mouse trap if it wants to catch mice.
XX may use a bed sheet if it wants to cover the mattress.
XX may use a pencil if it wants to write on paper.
XX may use a garbage if it wants to throw away.
XX may use a house key if it wants to open a locked door.
XX may use a speaker if it wants to let you listen to sounds.
XX may use a shopping cart if it wants to go shopping.
XX may use trousers if it wants to cover your legs.
XX may use a wedding cake if it wants to be eaten at weddings.
XX may use preservatives if it wants to store food.
XX may use a map if it wants to map out areas.
XX may use photographs if it wants to remember.
XX may use a zip disk if it wants to store information.
XX may use a fork if it wants to eat.
XX may use a date stamp if it wants to prove what date something was mailed.
XX may use a tennis shoe if it wants to play tennis.
XX may use a winter coat if it wants to keep you warm.
XX may use a pickled cucumber if it wants to make a pickle.
XX may use a security tape if it wants to record.
XX may use a makeup kit if it wants to carry the makeup.
XX may use a chain if it wants to keep a dog in the yard.
XX may use a pencil-case if it wants to store erasers.
XX may use a tub of toothpaste if it wants to be combined with a toothbrush for brushing one's teeth.
XX may use a letter if it wants to write something.
XX may use a tripod if it wants to hold a camera.
XX may use sunglasses if it wants to protect your eyes from the sun.
XX may use a sign-in counter if it wants to indicate who is present.
XX may use a laundry if it wants to drape over the clothesline.
XX may use a chart if it wants to measure.
XX may use a phone call if it wants to keep in contact with a person.
XX may use an iron board if it wants to iron clothes.
XX may use a diaper bag if it wants to hold baby things.
XX may use a counter if it wants to put things on.
XX may use a weed if it wants to clog the garden.
XX may use a pepper if it wants to make food spicy-tasting.
XX may use a compass if it wants to identify directions outdoors.
XX may use a museum if it wants to hold old things.
XX may use a letter pad if it wants to write letters on.
XX may use a costume if it wants to go to a costume party.
XX may use a christmas tree if it wants to decorate the house.
XX may use a corn dog if it wants to feed people at a ballpark.
XX may use a stamp if it wants to mail a letter.
XX may use tulips if it wants to make a room look pretty.
XX may use a basket if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a baby seat if it wants to keep a baby secure.
XX may use a garbage bags if it wants to bag are fun.
XX may use a board game if it wants to entertain old and young.
XX may use a family photo album if it wants to insert pictures of family members.
XX may use a strainer if it wants to separate.
XX may use an armoir if it wants to furnish a room.
XX may use a wedding dress if it wants to clothe a bride.
XX may use chopsticks if it wants to eat.
XX may use a lawn mower if it wants to mow the grass.
XX may use a lego if it wants to play with.
XX may use an organizing bin if it wants to organize important papers.
XX may use a binder if it wants to hold papers.
XX may use cushions if it wants to relax on.
XX may use a telephone jack if it wants to receive a telephone cable.
XX may use a paintbrush if it wants to paint.
XX may use a farmer if it wants to grow food.
XX may use a footstool if it wants to rest your feet.
XX may use a cooking pot if it wants to boil water.
XX may use tools if it wants to fix things.
XX may use a power drill if it wants to make holes.
XX may use a chess piece if it wants to move strategically in a game of chess.
XX may use a plastic crate if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a can of potatos if it wants to make soup.
XX may use a fireplace if it wants to keep the room warm.
XX may use a cable if it wants to connect.
XX may use a power saw if it wants to see things.
XX may use a nap if it wants to sleep.
XX may use an orange juicer if it wants to drink.
XX may use a garden hose if it wants to water grass.
XX may use a curling iron if it wants to curl your hair.
XX may use pretzels if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use an arm if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a tripod if it wants to put camera on.
XX may use a charcoal if it wants to burn.
XX may use a bracelet if it wants to decorate a wrist.
XX may use a scale if it wants to weigh.
XX may use an alarm if it wants to waken up.
XX may use a surge protector if it wants to protect eletronics.
XX may use a girlfriend if it wants to have a relationship.
XX may use a bowl of cereal if it wants to eat at breakfast.
XX may use a coffee pot if it wants to put coffee in.
XX may use a business card holder if it wants to hold one's business cards.
XX may use a table lamp if it wants to produce light.
XX may use a toothpick if it wants to check to see if a cake is done.
XX may use a doorway if it wants to make a passage for a door.
XX may use a gym bag if it wants to carry clothes.
XX may use keys if it wants to open a door.
XX may use a beet if it wants to make beet soup.
XX may use a bedside table if it wants to keep the alarm clock on.
XX may use a plastic clamp if it wants to clamp.
XX may use a wallet if it wants to store money.
XX may use a golf tee if it wants to hold a golf ball before teeing off.
XX may use a newspaper if it wants to convey information.
XX may use a dental floss if it wants to clean between a person's teeth.
XX may use cosmetics if it wants to make oneself look pretty.
XX may use a bath mat if it wants to dry off.
XX may use scissors if it wants to cut.
XX may use a videocassette if it wants to tape programs.
XX may use a magnifying lens if it wants to magnify small things.
XX may use a puzzle if it wants to pass time.
XX may use a disinfectant if it wants to clean a wound.
XX may use a cheese slice if it wants to make grilled cheese.
XX may use diapers if it wants to put on a baby.
XX may use a jar if it wants to hold the matter.
XX may use a peanut if it wants to make penut butter.
XX may use a night table if it wants to store goods during the night.
XX may use a kite if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a soap holder if it wants to hold soap.
XX may use dishes if it wants to cook meals in.
XX may use a desk lamp if it wants to illuminate.
XX may use a towel if it wants to wipe.
XX may use a bulletin if it wants to inform people of an event.
XX may use an artist if it wants to paint a portrait.
XX may use a play room if it wants to entertain children.
XX may use a shaving razor if it wants to remove the hair.
XX may use a notice if it wants to let someone know some info.
XX may use a leather coat if it wants to protect a person from the elements while looking stylish.
XX may use flowers if it wants to brighten up a room.
XX may use a lightswitch if it wants to turn on a light.
XX may use medicines if it wants to take when you arent feeling well.
XX may use a knife sharpener if it wants to sharpen knives.
XX may use a cellophane charger if it wants to charge cellphones.
XX may use an imac if it wants to surf the web.
XX may use a matchsticks if it wants to light.
XX may use a chess board if it wants to provide a medium on which to play chess.
XX may use a wallpaper if it wants to put on the wall.
XX may use blades if it wants to shave the face.
XX may use an atlas if it wants to locate a country.
XX may use rocks if it wants to throw.
XX may use a frame if it wants to act as a border for another object like a picture or a painting.
XX may use a vaccum cleaner if it wants to clean the floors.
XX may use a reception desk if it wants to help people who need info.
XX may use a computer case if it wants to hold a computer.
XX may use an accoustic guitar if it wants to be strummed.
XX may use a mixer if it wants to make drinks.
XX may use a vehicle if it wants to drive places.
XX may use a table cover if it wants to cover the table.
XX may use an ash tray if it wants to put ashes in.
XX may use a stencil if it wants to trace a pattern.
XX may use a correction fluid if it wants to correct mistakes.
XX may use a computer screen if it wants to see what is on it.
XX may use a rug if it wants to cover.
XX may use a slide sorter if it wants to organize a slide presentation.
XX may use a bedspread if it wants to make a bed with.
XX may use speakers if it wants to hear.
XX may use a beanbag chair if it wants to sit.
XX may use a doorknob if it wants to open or close the door.
XX may use an energy drink if it wants to give the energy.
XX may use a china cabinet if it wants to show the glassware.
XX may use a satchel if it wants to keep objects.
XX may use a payment credit card if it wants to pay your bills with a credit card.
XX may use a driver licence if it wants to drive.
XX may use an ink bottle if it wants to keep ink.
XX may use a bathroom cabinet if it wants to store medicines.
XX may use boots if it wants to walk in.
XX may use an exercise bike if it wants to lose the weight.
XX may use a cabinet door handle if it wants to open the cabinet.
XX may use a customer if it wants to buy things.
XX may use a coffee pot if it wants to hold coffee.
XX may use a valuables in the safe if it wants to protect them fromthieves.
XX may use a coke if it wants to drink.
XX may use a credit card if it wants to buy things.
XX may use children if it wants to nurture.
XX may use a sickle if it wants to cut corn.
XX may use a barbeque if it wants to cook food.
XX may use sandals if it wants to wear on your feet as a kind of shoes.
XX may use an adding machine if it wants to add.
XX may use a shirt if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a chess piece if it wants to attack the king.
XX may use a sheers if it wants to cut.
XX may use a martini if it wants to celebrate.
XX may use a lp record if it wants to play.
XX may use a toy bricks if it wants to throw thru windows.
XX may use a paintbrush if it wants to paint a picture.
XX may use a suitcase if it wants to contain travel clothes.
XX may use ingredients if it wants to make a meal.
XX may use a ping pong ball if it wants to play tabletennis.
XX may use a vise if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a diaper area if it wants to change diapers.
XX may use an extension cord if it wants to supply power to an appliance.
XX may use a toy bricks if it wants to build a creation.
XX may use a gumball if it wants to chew.
XX may use an art piece if it wants to display.
XX may use a snap if it wants to button up a jacket.
XX may use a business card if it wants to advertise.
XX may use a carpet protector if it wants to protect carpets.
XX may use a folding chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a quarter if it wants to pay the parking meter.
XX may use a grass catcher if it wants to store mown grass.
XX may use a medicine if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use an aquarium if it wants to display the fish.
XX may use a block if it wants to play with.
XX may use an arm if it wants to fill up a sleeve.
XX may use staples if it wants to hold paper together.
XX may use an apartment if it wants to live in.
XX may use a jewelry box if it wants to store decorative jewelry.
XX may use a table if it wants to sit at.
XX may use a daiquiri if it wants to become the drunk.
XX may use a notepaper if it wants to write things on.
XX may use an energy drink if it wants to help maintain energy during a workout.
XX may use a bubble wrap if it wants to keep fragile items from breaking.
XX may use a smoke alarm if it wants to warn of a fire.
XX may use an electrician if it wants to fix wires.
XX may use a pajama bottom if it wants to sleep with.
XX may use a valuables in the safe if it wants to protect the jewelry.
XX may use a toy chest if it wants to store toys.
XX may use a tableware if it wants to set the table.
XX may use a washing basket if it wants to hold the wash.
XX may use a babies highchair if it wants to hold the baby while they eat.
XX may use a strainer if it wants to obtain the water out of the material.
XX may use earrings if it wants to decorate ears.
XX may use a computer desk if it wants to hold a computer.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to look at one self.
XX may use a cassette if it wants to listen to.
XX may use a light switch if it wants to turn on or off the lights.
XX may use an electric shaver if it wants to remove a beard.
XX may use a jar if it wants to store jam.
XX may use a hair brush if it wants to comb the hair.
XX may use an extension plug if it wants to connect more than one plug.
XX may use a camping stove if it wants to cook the outdoors.
XX may use a match if it wants to START fires.
XX may use a water bottle if it wants to store water.
XX may use a coffee mug if it wants to contain coffee.
XX may use a garage if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a blade if it wants to cut something.
XX may use a stove if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a housewife if it wants to clean the house.
XX may use a visitor eye hole if it wants to look through.
XX may use a popcorn if it wants to eat.
XX may use an instrument if it wants to accomplish a task.
XX may use a can of paint if it wants to cover a wall.
XX may use spider webs if it wants to spin.
XX may use a trap if it wants to catch anything.
XX may use a letter opener if it wants to open an envelope.
XX may use a stamp if it wants to be on mail.
XX may use a phone receiver if it wants to listen to calls.
XX may use a phone if it wants to communicate.
XX may use a screw if it wants to fix things.
XX may use a basketball if it wants to throw in the net.
XX may use pens if it wants to write.
XX may use a scanning machine if it wants to sew things.
XX may use a computer table if it wants to put a pc on.
XX may use a lawn sprinkler if it wants to water the lawn.
XX may use an exercise bike if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a cell phone charger if it wants to charge a cell phone.
XX may use tweezers if it wants to grip small objects.
XX may use a napkin if it wants to wipe.
XX may use a piano if it wants to entertain an audience.
XX may use a chest if it wants to store toys in.
XX may use a keyboard stand if it wants to hold a keyboard.
XX may use a reservation if it wants to reserve a spot at a hotel.
XX may use a milk if it wants to put on cereal.
XX may use matches if it wants to light things up.
XX may use a joystick if it wants to input information for a program using hand-eye coordination.
XX may use a book if it wants to learn from.
XX may use a mower if it wants to cut the grass.
XX may use a post-it note dispenser if it wants to post notes.
XX may use groceries if it wants to feed the family.
XX may use a wedge of cheese if it wants to consume.
XX may use a telephone cord if it wants to allow talking.
XX may use a cd rom drive if it wants to play CDS.
XX may use a medicine capsule if it wants to treat the infection.
XX may use a marker if it wants to write things.
XX may use police if it wants to arrest criminals.
XX may use a car if it wants to drive in.
XX may use a gumball machine if it wants to buy the gum.
XX may use a disc if it wants to play something.
XX may use a cassette player if it wants to play cassettes.
XX may use an extension plug if it wants to extend a plug.
XX may use peppercorns if it wants to season food.
XX may use a combination lock if it wants to secure things.
XX may use a dollhouse if it wants to play house with your dolls.
XX may use a jam if it wants to eat.
XX may use a hay if it wants to feed horses and cattle.
XX may use a bike seat if it wants to sit on when riding a bike.
XX may use a flourescent marker if it wants to highlight important notes.
XX may use a xerox if it wants to copy two dimentional images that are on physical media.
XX may use a notebook if it wants to write.
XX may use a washrag if it wants to wash the floor.
XX may use a sock if it wants to keep your feet warm.
XX may use a letter if it wants to mail to someone.
XX may use a restaurant number if it wants to call the restaurant.
XX may use a bottle opener if it wants to remove a bottle cap.
XX may use a frame if it wants to hold pictures.
XX may use boxes if it wants to store items.
XX may use a wicker chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a dust mat if it wants to prevent the dust.
XX may use an organizer if it wants to keep track of calendar and other vital information.
XX may use a dish if it wants to serve food.
XX may use an entertainment system if it wants to play music.
XX may use a magic marker if it wants to write.
XX may use a pen sharpener if it wants to sharpen pens.
XX may use a banana if it wants to make banana cream pie.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to shield from rain.
XX may use a fly if it wants to swat with a fly swatter.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to copy a film.
XX may use a cereal bowl if it wants to hold milk and cereal.
XX may use an adhesive tape if it wants to bond objects.
XX may use a cotton material if it wants to make the clothing.
XX may use a sand if it wants to walk on.
XX may use a chainsaw if it wants to cut trees quickly.
XX may use tulips if it wants to be smelled.
XX may use a tea cup carefully if it wants to carry tea.
XX may use a truck if it wants to haul heavy objects.
XX may use an olive if it wants to eat.
XX may use a toy if it wants to amuse Oneself.
XX may use a water knob if it wants to become water.
XX may use a steak knife if it wants to cut the steak.
XX may use clothes if it wants to clothe.
XX may use a yearbook if it wants to look at.
XX may use contacts if it wants to see.
XX may use a portable heater if it wants to heat a room.
XX may use a cigarette if it wants to smoke.
XX may use a gym machine if it wants to gain the mass.
XX may use a wallet if it wants to store.
XX may use a coke machine if it wants to sell the coke.
XX may use a vase if it wants to put a flower.
XX may use a memory card if it wants to store the memory.
XX may use a cop if it wants to arrest people.
XX may use a gate if it wants to close.
XX may use a cleanser if it wants to clean.
XX may use an egg carton if it wants to hold eggs.
XX may use a dryer if it wants to dry cloths.
XX may use a television if it wants to entertain people.
XX may use a bucket if it wants to store water.
XX may use a dime if it wants to buy something.
XX may use a key if it wants to turn.
XX may use a purse if it wants to hold tampons.
XX may use a first aid box if it wants to treat minor injuries.
XX may use a refrigerator filter if it wants to filter the water.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to call people.
XX may use a fuel if it wants to combust for energy.
XX may use a scanner if it wants to make copies.
XX may use a toolbox if it wants to hold tools.
XX may use a dogfood dish if it wants to feed the dog.
XX may use a lever if it wants to pry objects apart.
XX may use a bartender if it wants to drink.
XX may use a tile if it wants to cover a floor.
XX may use a dirt if it wants to grow plants.
XX may use a tripod if it wants to elevate a camera.
XX may use a meat grinder if it wants to chop meat into small pieces.
XX may use a reading desk if it wants to put garbage on.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to see better.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to receive the waste.
XX may use a cd-writer if it wants to burn CDS.
XX may use a craft if it wants to make something.
XX may use a can opener if it wants to open cans of food.
XX may use a bell pepper if it wants to be cooked.
XX may use a jewelry box if it wants to keep jewelry in.
XX may use a pet food dish if it wants to feed pets.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to view computer output.
XX may use glasses if it wants to see something.
XX may use an egg if it wants to cook.
XX may use an iron pad if it wants to prevent the iron from burning the ironing board.
XX may use a peanut butter if it wants to spread on toast.
XX may use a yo yo if it wants to entertain children.
XX may use a cell phone charging cord if it wants to charge the cell phone.
XX may use a keyboard if it wants to enter data into a computer.
XX may use a mirror cover if it wants to protect the mirror.
XX may use a teddy bear if it wants to amuse the children.
XX may use a wall if it wants to support.
XX may use an infant if it wants to grow up.
XX may use a trash compactor if it wants to crush trash that is put inside.
XX may use a chess piece if it wants to play the game chess.
XX may use a water stream if it wants to gather water.
XX may use a recipe if it wants to make food.
XX may use a freezer if it wants to store food.
XX may use a child safety gate if it wants to block children from going where they aren't supposed to.
XX may use a changing station if it wants to change diapers.
XX may use a bicycle pump if it wants to pump air in a tire.
XX may use a snowfall if it wants to run ski hills.
XX may use a cucumber if it wants to make sandwiches.
XX may use a lp record if it wants to play different songs.
XX may use a first aid box if it wants to hold aid.
XX may use a mailbox if it wants to put mail in.
XX may use a lamp if it wants to light up a room.
XX may use a decoration bow if it wants to adorn gifts.
XX may use a ball if it wants to roll.
XX may use a pipe if it wants to smoke.
XX may use a flowerpot if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a footboard if it wants to furnish a bedroom.
XX may use a scanner if it wants to copy documents.
XX may use slides if it wants to see cells.
XX may use a plunger if it wants to plunge.
XX may use a power if it wants to make equipment  work.
XX may use a tea pitcher if it wants to pitch tea.
XX may use a Teddy if it wants to comfort a child.
XX may use golf clubs if it wants to swing.
XX may use a toybox if it wants to organize toys.
XX may use a bedsheet if it wants to make the bed.
XX may use a screwdiver if it wants to screw.
XX may use blinds if it wants to keep light out or in.
XX may use bundles if it wants to light.
XX may use a golf club if it wants to hit golf balls.
XX may use a calculation if it wants to solve a mathematical problem.
XX may use a needle if it wants to sew the cloth.
XX may use a windbreaker if it wants to wear in windy weather.
XX may use a chain if it wants to lock things up.
XX may use a strawberry fruit if it wants to make strawberry jam.
XX may use a bun if it wants to put around a hamburger.
XX may use a blacktop if it wants to surface.
XX may use kegs if it wants to carry alcohol.
XX may use a newspaper if it wants to inform.
XX may use a plumber if it wants to clear a clog.
XX may use a xerox if it wants to make photocopies.
XX may use a kitchen shelf if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a gas pipe if it wants to channel gas.
XX may use a toothpaste if it wants to put on your toothbrush.
XX may use a burger if it wants to eat for lunch.
XX may use a tank-top if it wants to wear.
XX may use a pajama if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a beanie if it wants to cover the head.
XX may use a book jacket if it wants to cover a book.
XX may use a tape if it wants to listen to.
XX may use a gas range if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a police band if it wants to keep things in order.
XX may use a hair-dryer if it wants to dry the hair.
XX may use a sorting tray if it wants to sort items.
XX may use heels if it wants to be taller.
XX may use a bath time if it wants to clean oneself up.
XX may use a lantern if it wants to light up.
XX may use a potato if it wants to make potato salad.
XX may use a carpet if it wants to cover the floor.
XX may use a folding fan if it wants to create air.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to stop rain from wetting clothes.
XX may use a book if it wants to inform and entertain.
XX may use a kid if it wants to entertain other kids.
XX may use an iron pan if it wants to cook bacon.
XX may use a wheel chair if it wants to help the disabled get around.
XX may use socks if it wants to wear with running shoes.
XX may use a cushion if it wants to make a sofa more comfortable.
XX may use a man if it wants to impregnate a woman for babies.
XX may use a hanger if it wants to hang clothes on.
XX may use a cheese slice if it wants to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
XX may use an ash tray if it wants to put cigarette butts in.
XX may use a washing machine if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a gym if it wants to hold exercise machines.
XX may use a computer case if it wants to enclose the computer components.
XX may use a sink stopper if it wants to prevent water from overflowing.
XX may use a lantern if it wants to light.
XX may use a grocery bag if it wants to carry groceries.
XX may use a biscuit if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a transformer if it wants to change ac to dc.
XX may use a solitaire game if it wants to entertain Oneself.
XX may use a cat if it wants to kill mice.
XX may use a toilet roll if it wants to hold the toilet paper.
XX may use a bed if it wants to sleep.
XX may use a box if it wants to store items.
XX may use a furniture if it wants to decorate a house.
XX may use a carton if it wants to carry things.
XX may use a potato if it wants to make french fries.
XX may use a textbook if it wants to read.
XX may use a rubber duckie if it wants to keep a child happy while he is given a bath.
XX may use a painters monster if it wants to paint.
XX may use a disc player if it wants to play the disc.
XX may use a dust pan if it wants to clean up.
XX may use a music folio if it wants to fill.
XX may use a jeweler chest if it wants to store money.
XX may use a hat if it wants to wear.
XX may use a combination lock if it wants to keep something secure.
XX may use clothes if it wants to cover a body.
XX may use a page protector if it wants to keep the page safe.
XX may use a cigarette pack if it wants to store cigs.
XX may use a snake and ladder game if it wants to play a game.
XX may use a cot if it wants to rest.
XX may use a clothes peg if it wants to hold clothes.
XX may use a peppercorn if it wants to add spice to a meal.
XX may use a turn on button if it wants to open something.
XX may use a glass cup if it wants to hold a liquid.
XX may use cleaner if it wants to clean.
XX may use a phone call if it wants to tell someone something.
XX may use a wine if it wants to drink and socialize.
XX may use an alarm clock if it wants to wake you up.
XX may use a hall tree if it wants to hang hats and coats.
XX may use a disk drive if it wants to load information from a computer.
XX may use an oil if it wants to cook.
XX may use a tennis racket if it wants to play a tennis match.
XX may use an organizer if it wants to keep track of appointments.
XX may use an eggplant if it wants to be aeten.
XX may use a telephone book if it wants to list available phone numbers and addresses.
XX may use a house key if it wants to unlock the house.
XX may use a weighing machine if it wants to help lift weights.
XX may use a chest if it wants to store things.
XX may use a shoestring if it wants to lace up shoes.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to pour drinks.
XX may use a watering can if it wants to hold water for watering plants.
XX may use a humidifier if it wants to create the moisture.
XX may use a wing if it wants to help an airplane fly.
XX may use a car seat if it wants to keep the child safe.
XX may use a dial-tone if it wants to indicate that a telephone is ready to dial a number.
XX may use an arrow if it wants to shoot something via a bow.
XX may use a can if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a cheese if it wants to make sandwiches.
XX may use a toilet scrubber if it wants to scrub the toilet.
XX may use a shoestring if it wants to tie a shoe.
XX may use a card catalog if it wants to organize  a library.
XX may use a seat belt if it wants to keep passengers from being ejected out of their seats in the event of sudden stops or impacts.
XX may use a notebook computer if it wants to work and play.
XX may use a headboard if it wants to decorate the bed.
XX may use photographs if it wants to make memories.
XX may use a matchsticks if it wants to light a fire.
XX may use a cd tape if it wants to tape things with.
XX may use an iron frying pan if it wants to fry foods with.
XX may use a cake if it wants to celebrate a birthday.
XX may use a dog bone if it wants to reward a dog.
XX may use a sheet if it wants to cover the bed.
XX may use an address if it wants to send letters.
XX may use a wiper if it wants to wipe windows.
XX may use a pencil-case if it wants to hold pens and pencils and erasers.
XX may use a travel iron if it wants to flatten the clothes.
XX may use a kitchen stove if it wants to cook dinner.
XX may use a book if it wants to hold information.
XX may use locks if it wants to secure.
XX may use a tie if it wants to wear to go to work.
XX may use a doll collection if it wants to showcase dolls.
XX may use a high chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a knitting needle if it wants to knit clothes.
XX may use a dust buster if it wants to vacuum.
XX may use a kleenex box if it wants to hold the kleenex.
XX may use a tape if it wants to record sound and/or video.
XX may use an earings if it wants to wear on the ears.
XX may use a dumpster if it wants to store the trash.
XX may use a fire if it wants to create the heat.
XX may use a paint brush if it wants to make the art.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to hold and pour liquids.
XX may use a storage container if it wants to store things.
XX may use a trunk if it wants to store things.
XX may use a person if it wants to talk.
XX may use a toiletpaper if it wants to put in the bathroom.
XX may use a cage if it wants to restrain animals.
XX may use a Mobile if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a dining room hutch if it wants to store dishes.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to copy pages.
XX may use a detergent powder if it wants to clean dirty laundry.
XX may use a golf bag if it wants to hold golf clubs.
XX may use a movie disc if it wants to play movies.
XX may use an ink bottle if it wants to fill an ink pen.
XX may use a saw if it wants to cut objects.
XX may use a computer joystick if it wants to interact.
XX may use an iron frying pan if it wants to fry the chicken.
XX may use a hole puncher if it wants to punch holes in the paper.
XX may use a bathtime if it wants to obtain the kids clean.
XX may use a pressure gauge if it wants to check presure.
XX may use a pizza if it wants to stop the hunger.
XX may use a computer files disks if it wants to store files.
XX may use a phone number if it wants to be phoned.
XX may use a biscuit if it wants to be served with stew.
XX may use batteries if it wants to activate items.
XX may use a suit if it wants to wear for work in formal settings.
XX may use a shaver if it wants to eliminate hair growth.
XX may use a compass for drawing the circle if it wants to draw an object.
XX may use a jump rope if it wants to jump.
XX may use a screw driver if it wants to screw and unscrew screws.
XX may use a power saw if it wants to cut.
XX may use a rack if it wants to hold dishes.
XX may use a fire brigade if it wants to put out fires.
XX may use a reception bell if it wants to call the receptionist.
XX may use a soup if it wants to eat when you are sick.
XX may use a cord if it wants to plug in to the wall.
XX may use a blender if it wants to blend things.
XX may use a bun if it wants to eat.
XX may use a coffee filter if it wants to keep coffee grounds from getting into the coffee.
XX may use a baby food if it wants to make the hungry baby full.
XX may use a lamp-shade if it wants to be a covering over a light.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to visit websites.
XX may use a magic marker if it wants to write on a box.
XX may use a computer cable if it wants to hold data.
XX may use a potholder if it wants to hold the pot.
XX may use a battery if it wants to provide portable power.
XX may use a temperature if it wants to tell if a fever is present.
XX may use a carrot if it wants to lure a donkey.
XX may use a notebook battery if it wants to run a computer.
XX may use a basket if it wants to hold things.
XX may use paper clips if it wants to hold loose papers together.
XX may use a furniture if it wants to decorate the house.
XX may use a washed cup if it wants to pour tea.
XX may use connections if it wants to give electricity.
XX may use a lock box if it wants to lock up your prized possessions.
XX may use a door mat in the correct position if it wants to wipe feet.
XX may use a pen holder if it wants to hold a pen for easy access.
XX may use a butcher knife if it wants to cut meat.
XX may use a box spring mattress if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a photograph if it wants to display the picture.
XX may use a plug if it wants to stop up a container or conduct electricity to an appliance.
XX may use a garlic bulb if it wants to add seasoning to food items.
XX may use a paper roll if it wants to hold paper towels.
XX may use a slot machine if it wants to win money.
XX may use a drinking glass if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a shower if it wants to clean.
XX may use speakers if it wants to transmit the sound.
XX may use a vacuum if it wants to clean the flor.
XX may use a door if it wants to close.
XX may use a kitchen sink if it wants to wash dishes in.
XX may use a bedspread if it wants to cover the bed.
XX may use a filament if it wants to provide light.
XX may use a flower pot if it wants to hold a flower.
XX may use a chart if it wants to show statistics.
XX may use a visor if it wants to block light.
XX may use a slide projector if it wants to hold slides.
XX may use a dishwasher soap if it wants to clean.
XX may use a pillow cover if it wants to protect a pillow from dirt.
XX may use cotton balls if it wants to clean up.
XX may use a closet if it wants to store clothes.
XX may use eggs if it wants to eat with bacon.
XX may use a lunchbox if it wants to store food in.
XX may use clothes if it wants to cover yourself.
XX may use a potato if it wants to make mashed potatoes.
XX may use a chalk if it wants to write.
XX may use a vaccum cleaner if it wants to clean with.
XX may use a laundry room if it wants to house the washer and dryer for a building.
XX may use a plum if it wants to make a prune.
XX may use a shadow if it wants to show the placement of the sun.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to hold recyclable products.
XX may use a battery if it wants to provide the energy.
XX may use donuts if it wants to satisfy the hunger.
XX may use a broom if it wants to sweep.
XX may use a dining table if it wants to eat from.
XX may use a directory if it wants to help locate items.
XX may use a room if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a flour container if it wants to contain the flour.
XX may use a water bowl if it wants to hold water.
XX may use people if it wants to meet.
XX may use tissues if it wants to wipe a nose.
XX may use a mallet if it wants to hammer something in place.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to connect to email.
XX may use a sugar cookie if it wants to eat as a treat.
XX may use a gun if it wants to kill.
XX may use a CD BURNER if it wants to make cd s.
XX may use an image if it wants to view a moment in the future.
XX may use a glass full of water if it wants to drink.
XX may use a sprinkler if it wants to water plants.
XX may use a watering can with water if it wants to water plants.
XX may use a light switch if it wants to turn the light on.
XX may use a dust rag if it wants to dust objects.
XX may use boots if it wants to wear on your feet.
XX may use a sewing desk if it wants to hold the sewing machine.
XX may use a zip drive if it wants to store large computer files.
XX may use a key if it wants to lock.
XX may use a cartoon game if it wants to entertain children.
XX may use a typewriter if it wants to type letters when the printer is broken.
XX may use a laundry softner if it wants to soften the laundry.
XX may use a receptionist desk if it wants to answer phone calls.
XX may use a recipe if it wants to make something.
XX may use a water cooler if it wants to store cold water to keep humans hydrated.
XX may use pearls if it wants to make jewelry.
XX may use a song if it wants to create a mood.
XX may use a cloud if it wants to cover the sky.
XX may use a play pen if it wants to play.
XX may use a tablet pc if it wants to hold information.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to unscrew a screw.
XX may use a news if it wants to inform people of current events.
XX may use a cold drink in refrigerator if it wants to refresh.
XX may use a button of vcr if it wants to play a vcr.
XX may use a cooking gas if it wants to cook.
XX may use a dog food dish if it wants to feed the dog.
XX may use a coffee cup if it wants to hold coffee.
XX may use a tile if it wants to cover the floor.
XX may use a home theatre system if it wants to watch movies.
XX may use a cd collection if it wants to own the music one likes.
XX may use a bicycle if it wants to ride on.
XX may use a milk jug if it wants to keep milk.
XX may use a weather if it wants to describe outdoor conditions.
XX may use a glove if it wants to keep your hand warm.
XX may use a bowie noodle if it wants to eat.
XX may use a date stamp if it wants to record when something was done.
XX may use a staircase if it wants to travel between floors.
XX may use a waitress if it wants to serve food and drink to your table.
XX may use a shot glass if it wants to drink from.
XX may use an avocado if it wants to eat.
XX may use a basketball if it wants to play basketball with.
XX may use a plumbing pipes if it wants to transport water and sewage.
XX may use a chocolate pudding if it wants to eat.
XX may use a satellite receiver if it wants to receive tv signal.
XX may use a marker if it wants to write.
XX may use a present if it wants to give.
XX may use a razor blade if it wants to shave your legs.
XX may use a plate if it wants to carry food.
XX may use files if it wants to keep things in order.
XX may use a lipstick if it wants to color.
XX may use a stork if it wants to plug the bottle.
XX may use an ink blotter if it wants to blot wet ink.
XX may use a shoe tree if it wants to organize shoes.
XX may use a cloth if it wants to wipe.
XX may use flowers if it wants to be smelled.
XX may use a juicer if it wants to make juice from produce.
XX may use a fusebox if it wants to control electricity.
XX may use a stamp marking machine if it wants to Mark stamps.
XX may use a tool belt if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a pitch fork if it wants to scoop.
XX may use an ice cube in freezer if it wants to make drinks colder.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to show computer data.
XX may use sandals if it wants to wear on your feet.
XX may use an accordian if it wants to play music.
XX may use a CD PLAYER if it wants to play CDS.
XX may use a roulette wheel if it wants to play games on.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to provide light.
XX may use a pasta if it wants to make macaroni.
XX may use a chess if it wants to play.
XX may use a vaccum cleaner if it wants to clean.
XX may use a wall clock if it wants to keep time.
XX may use a cigarette pack if it wants to store cigarettes.
XX may use a modem if it wants to operate a computer.
XX may use a tea towel if it wants to dry.
XX may use a blower if it wants to blow.
XX may use a water dish if it wants to feed the dog.
XX may use a mixing bowl if it wants to mix together ingredients.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to inform.
XX may use a food if it wants to consume.
XX may use a sandal if it wants to walk on the beach.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to look at yourself.
XX may use a puzzle if it wants to have fun.
XX may use instructions if it wants to give information.
XX may use a keychain if it wants to look cool.
XX may use a child cup if it wants to hold a child's milk.
XX may use a song if it wants to entertain people.
XX may use a portion of water if it wants to serve people.
XX may use a shirt if it wants to put on  yourself.
XX may use a slide sorter if it wants to view and sort slides into a particular order.
XX may use a baseball glove if it wants to catch balls.
XX may use a grinder if it wants to grind up nuts.
XX may use a whistle if it wants to stop the traffic.
XX may use dinner plates if it wants to eat meals on.
XX may use a cake if it wants to be served at a birthday.
XX may use a bird cage if it wants to keep a bird.
XX may use a data recording disk if it wants to record data.
XX may use a meat if it wants to fill someone's hunger.
XX may use a toy chest if it wants to hold toys.
XX may use a water supply tap if it wants to become water.
XX may use a wall calendar if it wants to show dates.
XX may use a pin if it wants to suspend the paper.
XX may use pins if it wants to hold something in place.
XX may use a roulette wheel if it wants to gamble.
XX may use a hole puncher if it wants to punch holes in paper.
XX may use a dog chained if it wants to keep everyone else safe.
XX may use contact lenses if it wants to help improve vision.
XX may use an entertainment if it wants to entertain someone.
XX may use a bird if it wants to chirp and fly up in the sky.
XX may use a staple puller if it wants to remove staples.
XX may use an armoir if it wants to store and display objects.
XX may use a flame if it wants to heat.
XX may use a charger if it wants to charge a phone.
XX may use a stroller if it wants to carry a baby.
XX may use a humidifier if it wants to moisturize air.
XX may use a peanut butter if it wants to make sandwiches.
XX may use a date stamp if it wants to Mark the time and day that something was prepared or worked on.
XX may use a ball of yarn if it wants to make a sweater.
XX may use a clothes horse if it wants to hang clothes on.
XX may use a placemats & cutlery if it wants to eat with.
XX may use a meat if it wants to consume.
XX may use a plyers if it wants to hold bolts.
XX may use a lawnmower if it wants to mow lawns.
XX may use a rash if it wants to make you itchy.
XX may use a pasta if it wants to provide the nutrition.
XX may use a hair drier if it wants to dry wet hair.
XX may use ice cubes if it wants to cool an item.
XX may use a dish if it wants to eat off of.
XX may use a body spray if it wants to give the person a nice smell.
XX may use a coin if it wants to pay for things.
XX may use a vault if it wants to create the pressure.
XX may use a table if it wants to place food to eat.
XX may use a waffle iron if it wants to mold and cook waffles.
XX may use a microphone if it wants to amplify a voice.
XX may use a wash cloth if it wants to wash.
XX may use a windex if it wants to clean things.
XX may use a pushpin if it wants to pin up paper.
XX may use a jewelry if it wants to look good.
XX may use a depth if it wants to measure.
XX may use a lime if it wants to make the lemonade.
XX may use a blunt pencil if it wants to shade.
XX may use a highlighter if it wants to highlight a sentence to draw attention.
XX may use a spring if it wants to make a mattress bounce.
XX may use a litterbox if it wants to contain a pet's waste.
XX may use a stuffed animal if it wants to comfort a baby.
XX may use a pasta if it wants to feed hungry people.
XX may use a pot if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a washing machine if it wants to clean clothes.
XX may use an egg if it wants to make food.
XX may use a lighter if it wants to light a cigarette.
XX may use a new footwear if it wants to wear on your feet.
XX may use a DVD if it wants to watch movies.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to pour.
XX may use a player if it wants to play a cd.
XX may use a jukebox if it wants to entertain patrons.
XX may use an iv if it wants to deliver medicine.
XX may use a cedar chest if it wants to hold items such as clothing.
XX may use an apple if it wants to eat.
XX may use a water facet if it wants to provide water.
XX may use a hair if it wants to crown the head.
XX may use a mop bucket if it wants to mop the floor.
XX may use a candle wick if it wants to light a candle.
XX may use a computer keyboard if it wants to type with.
XX may use a carseat if it wants to secure a person.
XX may use a mop if it wants to clean a tile floor.
XX may use a sander if it wants to make wooden surfaces smoother.
XX may use a hinge if it wants to attach a door.
XX may use boots if it wants to dress.
XX may use a dirt if it wants to plant.
XX may use a peel if it wants to cover the fruit.
XX may use a toaster oven if it wants to toast a bagel.
XX may use a nap if it wants to catch up on sleep.
XX may use a dress if it wants to clothe.
XX may use a fruit if it wants to eat.
XX may use a socket wrench if it wants to tighten nuts and bolts.
XX may use a costume party if it wants to entertain and intrigue one's guests.
XX may use a battery if it wants to run a portable electronic device.
XX may use an iron if it wants to iron the clothes.
XX may use a steering wheel if it wants to drive.
XX may use a tea if it wants to drink.
XX may use a cereal box if it wants to keep cereal in.
XX may use a letterbox if it wants to hold my mail.
XX may use a cheese slicer if it wants to slice cheese.
XX may use a file organizer if it wants to organize information in files.
XX may use a reclining chair if it wants to sit back and recline.
XX may use a barbeque grill if it wants to cook and grill food.
XX may use a car if it wants to drive.
XX may use a light bulb if it wants to put in a light fixure.
XX may use a wine rack if it wants to put wine on.
XX may use a post man if it wants to deliver letters.
XX may use a cat if it wants to purr.
XX may use a bag of rice if it wants to use to carry rice.
XX may use a dust pan if it wants to clean up dust after you have swept.
XX may use a bib if it wants to keep baby's clothes clean.
XX may use a portable compact disc player if it wants to play music.
XX may use a paper clamp if it wants to hold papers together.
XX may use a comb if it wants to straighten the hair.
XX may use a sword if it wants to cut.
XX may use a chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a dime if it wants to buy a gum.
XX may use a heating system if it wants to warm up a room.
XX may use a pearl necklace if it wants to wear.
XX may use a phone if it wants to receive calls from people.
XX may use a discman if it wants to listen to cds.
XX may use a lettuce head if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to wear on the right foot.
XX may use a front door if it wants to enter the house.
XX may use a pad if it wants to write on.
XX may use a wrench if it wants to tighten a bolt.
XX may use a wall calendar if it wants to show days.
XX may use a plant if it wants to grow food or flowers.
XX may use a pin if it wants to connect objects.
XX may use a relative if it wants to obtain a promotion.
XX may use a flour sifter if it wants to remove clumps from flour.
XX may use a book if it wants to convey information.
XX may use a phone bill if it wants to pay for use of the phone.
XX may use a tub if it wants to bathe in.
XX may use a cleaning material if it wants to clean something.
XX may use a drape if it wants to cover the window.
XX may use an artificial plant if it wants to decorate a room.
XX may use a hairdryer if it wants to dry the hair.
XX may use a copy machine if it wants to copy documents.
XX may use a tie if it wants to complete a suit.
XX may use a ball if it wants to play sports.
XX may use a bike seat if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a sheet if it wants to keep the bed clean.
XX may use a cocktail if it wants to serve at parties.
XX may use a ham if it wants to please the taste buds.
XX may use a computer desk if it wants to hold computers.
XX may use a picture if it wants to capture a moment.
XX may use a goggles on eyes if it wants to cover the eyes.
XX may use flowers if it wants to cheer a person up.
XX may use a cymbal if it wants to play.
XX may use sunglasses if it wants to protect eyes.
XX may use a closet if it wants to store objects.
XX may use a joystick if it wants to play a video game.
XX may use a corndog if it wants to eat at a fair.
XX may use a ventilator if it wants to keep a person on life support.
XX may use a spider if it wants to kill.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to store ice.
XX may use a clothes closet if it wants to put your clothes in.
XX may use a pepper mill if it wants to make pepper.
XX may use a refrigerator if it wants to store food.
XX may use a measuring spoon if it wants to measure the amount of ingrediant required for a recipe.
XX may use a battery if it wants to make things go.
XX may use an egg beater if it wants to scramble eggs.
XX may use a desk if it wants to keep books.
XX may use a compass if it wants to measure the direction.
XX may use a footrest if it wants to rest your foot.
XX may use a book shelf if it wants to store books.
XX may use a bike helmet if it wants to protect the head.
XX may use a screw driver if it wants to screw.
XX may use a color pencils if it wants to color in a drawing.
XX may use a power generator if it wants to keep electricity ob.
XX may use a tire if it wants to put on a car.
XX may use a box if it wants to contain items.
XX may use a quilt if it wants to cover a person.
XX may use a dental floss if it wants to clean teeth.
XX may use a rat trap if it wants to kill rats.
XX may use a coffee table book if it wants to read.
XX may use a belt sander if it wants to smooth things.
XX may use a fertilizer bag if it wants to fertilize a garden.
XX may use an air freshner if it wants to cover up stink.
XX may use a water if it wants to make a human less thirsty.
XX may use an electrical panel if it wants to provide the safety.
XX may use a muffin if it wants to fulfill your hunger.
XX may use photographs if it wants to remember memories.
XX may use a washing machine if it wants to clean clothes.
XX may use a gravy bowl if it wants to store the gravy.
XX may use a salad fork if it wants to eat salad with.
XX may use a lead if it wants to draw on a piece of paper.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to make copies.
XX may use a driver if it wants to take people around.
XX may use a table cloth if it wants to make a table look nice.
XX may use a cable modem if it wants to connect to interneet.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to hold liquids.
XX may use a flag if it wants to show the allegiance.
XX may use a flower basket if it wants to store flowers.
XX may use a comb if it wants to style the hair.
XX may use a food bowl if it wants to hold food.
XX may use a grocery if it wants to shop at.
XX may use an ac vent if it wants to cool down a car.
XX may use a changing table if it wants to change a baby's diaper and to store diapering supplies.
XX may use a flour if it wants to put into a cake recipe.
XX may use a delivery truck if it wants to deliver items.
XX may use a drape if it wants to cover windows for privacy.
XX may use a gym bag if it wants to store gym equipment.
XX may use an excercise bike if it wants to lose the weight.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to record television images.
XX may use slippers if it wants to keep a feet warm.
XX may use a coffee machine if it wants to brew coffee.
XX may use a house lock if it wants to secure the house.
XX may use a tape player if it wants to listen to tapes.
XX may use a drumstick if it wants to eat.
XX may use a plumbing pipe if it wants to finish a plumbing job.
XX may use a conditioner bottle if it wants to hold hair conditioner.
XX may use a kitchen knife if it wants to cut something.
XX may use a waiter if it wants to take orders at a restaurant.
XX may use a locker if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a hamper if it wants to store.
XX may use a song if it wants to obtain a party going.
XX may use oranges if it wants to eat.
XX may use a note cube if it wants to write notes to people.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to browse the internet (web).
XX may use a clothes line if it wants to hang wet clothes.
XX may use a swing if it wants to rock oneself back and forth.
XX may use a drawer if it wants to hold clothes.
XX may use a toy car if it wants to play with.
XX may use a desk chair if it wants to sit at to do work.
XX may use a letter if it wants to read.
XX may use a coat rack if it wants to store coats.
XX may use a piano if it wants to play music on.
XX may use a flip-flop if it wants to walk on the floor in a house.
XX may use a coffee pot if it wants to brew coffee.
XX may use a bug if it wants to record conversations.
XX may use a stencil if it wants to make replicates.
XX may use a welcome mat if it wants to welcome someone.
XX may use an art book if it wants to view the art.
XX may use a temperature if it wants to monitor health,.
XX may use a babies highchair if it wants to hold babies.
XX may use a DVD if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a fire brigade if it wants to fight fires.
XX may use a napkin if it wants to wipe food off a face.
XX may use a protractor if it wants to calculate degrees.
XX may use a manual if it wants to operate things.
XX may use a veil if it wants to hide faces.
XX may use a leash if it wants to walk pets.
XX may use a cellar telephone if it wants to make phone calls.
XX may use a light bulb if it wants to illuminate.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to record video tapes.
XX may use a security tape if it wants to keep a room under surveillance.
XX may use a money if it wants to purchase things.
XX may use a ceiling light if it wants to give light in a room.
XX may use a laundry basket if it wants to store clothes.
XX may use a moving up and down if it wants to show the elevation.
XX may use a reading desk if it wants to read a book.
XX may use a monkey wrench if it wants to turn things.
XX may use a dirt if it wants to make something dirty.
XX may use a lawn if it wants to grow.
XX may use a hat if it wants to protect ourselves from sun.
XX may use a router if it wants to cut fine edges in wood.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to work on a computer.
XX may use a flag if it wants to hang from a flag pole.
XX may use eggs if it wants to make an omlette.
XX may use a closet if it wants to store clothes and shoes.
XX may use a highchair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a toothpaste if it wants to brush teeth.
XX may use a metal wire if it wants to conduct electricity.
XX may use an umbrella stand if it wants to cover things.
XX may use a fire brigade if it wants to be for fire.
XX may use shelves if it wants to display things.
XX may use a corndog if it wants to satisfy the hunger.
XX may use a noise level if it wants to define the level of noise.
XX may use a telephone number if it wants to call people.
XX may use a photo copier if it wants to copy PHOTOS.
XX may use a bib if it wants to protect clothes.
XX may use a discman if it wants to listen to cd s,.
XX may use a stapeler if it wants to fasten papers.
XX may use a citronella candle if it wants to emit light throughout the house.
XX may use a dining table if it wants to dine.
XX may use a box if it wants to store things in.
XX may use an electric panel if it wants to control the electricity in a building.
XX may use a rug if it wants to stand on.
XX may use a glass cup if it wants to drink.
XX may use a shipping box if it wants to ship items.
XX may use a lawn sprinkler if it wants to water the grass.
XX may use eyeglasses if it wants to correct vision problems.
XX may use a chain if it wants to suspend a swing from a swing set.
XX may use a coatstand if it wants to hold coats.
XX may use a highchair if it wants to hold a baby.
XX may use a paper towel if it wants to wipe the table.
XX may use a miter saw if it wants to cut on angles.
XX may use a wheel if it wants to push a car.
XX may use a lantern if it wants to light up a room.
XX may use a security tape if it wants to form a barrier.
XX may use a power if it wants to control.
XX may use a cucumber if it wants to make a salad.
XX may use a window blind if it wants to block light.
XX may use a tissue if it wants to wipe.
XX may use a key if it wants to unlock.
XX may use a shampoo bottle if it wants to hold the shampoo.
XX may use a tire if it wants to drive.
XX may use a charcoal if it wants to cook with.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to eat food.
XX may use a snack if it wants to satisfy hunger for a short period of time.
XX may use a pestle if it wants to crush herbs.
XX may use a pickle if it wants to garnish a hamburger.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to reflect a person's image.
XX may use a bicycle tire if it wants to ride.
XX may use a pencil sharpener if it wants to sharpen a pencil.
XX may use a Polish if it wants to finish wood.
XX may use a saute pan if it wants to cook in.
XX may use a height scale if it wants to measure how tall something is.
XX may use a clothes dryer if it wants to wash dirty laundry.
XX may use a wine if it wants to become someone drunk.
XX may use a mixing bowl if it wants to mix batter in.
XX may use a planner if it wants to plan activities.
XX may use a melon juice if it wants to drink.
XX may use cleaner if it wants to disinfect.
XX may use a toast if it wants to eat.
XX may use a phone number if it wants to call someone.
XX may use a door bell button if it wants to activate a door bell.
XX may use a paint can if it wants to paint.
XX may use a correct address if it wants to mail letters.
XX may use a jeweler chest if it wants to use to hold rings and necklaces.
XX may use a checkbook if it wants to keep checks.
XX may use a hand bag if it wants to hold personal items.
XX may use a water stream if it wants to emit water.
XX may use a radiator if it wants to keep things warm or cool.
XX may use a bottle cap if it wants to cover a bottle.
XX may use a peppermill if it wants to grind pepper.
XX may use a wrapping paper if it wants to wrap presents.
XX may use a water heater if it wants to make hot water.
XX may use a coin if it wants to buy goods and services.
XX may use a rubberband if it wants to hold papers together.
XX may use a paper napkins if it wants to wipe your mouth.
XX may use an electronic organizer if it wants to keep appointments.
XX may use a kleenex if it wants to blow your nose.
XX may use a phone line if it wants to plug a phone into.
XX may use a scale if it wants to weigh things.
XX may use a burger if it wants to eat with a bun.
XX may use a club if it wants to beat somethying.
XX may use a gaming wheel if it wants to gamble.
XX may use paper clips if it wants to hold paper together.
XX may use a sterilize kit if it wants to sterilize.
XX may use a board game if it wants to entertain Oneself.
XX may use a plastic crate if it wants to lift objects.
XX may use a cricket if it wants to annoy.
XX may use a computer screen if it wants to display computer icons.
XX may use blinds if it wants to cover a window.
XX may use an office if it wants to work in.
XX may use an ironing board if it wants to remove wrinkles.
XX may use staples if it wants to secure surfaces together.
XX may use a tivo if it wants to record.
XX may use a jacket if it wants to protect the body from the elements.
XX may use a jump rope if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a gown if it wants to clothe a woman.
XX may use a socket if it wants to plug things.
XX may use an electric outlet if it wants to provide power.
XX may use a cardboard box if it wants to hold materials.
XX may use a chicken meat if it wants to make chicken pot pie.
XX may use a biscuit if it wants to eat with honey.
XX may use a car key if it wants to make the car start.
XX may use a keyboard if it wants to type something.
XX may use a wall mirror if it wants to look at yourself in.
XX may use a box of envelopes if it wants to START fires.
XX may use a record album if it wants to entertain people with various songs.
XX may use a tank if it wants to invade a country.
XX may use a belt sander if it wants to make something smooth.
XX may use mittens if it wants to wear on your hands in winter.
XX may use a bank if it wants to put  your money.
XX may use a weight balance if it wants to figure out the weight.
XX may use a bookcase if it wants to store books.
XX may use binoculars if it wants to make things larger.
XX may use a booster seat if it wants to raise the seat.
XX may use a clothing if it wants to keep people warm.
XX may use stamps if it wants to contain stamps.
XX may use a hamper if it wants to store soiled clothes.
XX may use a trash if it wants to throw garbage in.
XX may use a party if it wants to have fun.
XX may use a bicycle if it wants to travel around.
XX may use a shower curtain if it wants to prevent water from spilling out from the shower.
XX may use a dime if it wants to pay tolls.
XX may use a novel if it wants to read and entertain us.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a label if it wants to contain useful information.
XX may use a tv guide if it wants to see timetables.
XX may use a mantle if it wants to hold trophies.
XX may use a laundry basket if it wants to store and transport clothes.
XX may use a jar of jam if it wants to hold jam.
XX may use a hat if it wants to protect your head.
XX may use a lever if it wants to lift something up.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to receive and make phone calls.
XX may use a star chart if it wants to keep track of accomplishments.
XX may use a mouse cord if it wants to connect the mouse.
XX may use CDS if it wants to listen and record music.
XX may use a paint brush if it wants to paint.
XX may use a desk chair if it wants to sit in front of a computer.
XX may use a damp rug if it wants to soak water.
XX may use golf clubs if it wants to play a game of golf.
XX may use a combination lock if it wants to keep things safe.
XX may use a rotor if it wants to run a engine.
XX may use a bathroom cabinet if it wants to store bathroom supplies.
XX may use a spaghetti if it wants to feed people.
XX may use a chair if it wants to hold a person.
XX may use a compact disk if it wants to collect information.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to store perishable foods.
XX may use a garage if it wants to park a car in.
XX may use a computer case if it wants to protect the computer.
XX may use a pump if it wants to extract liquid from a container.
XX may use a baby seat if it wants to seat a baby.
XX may use a vanity if it wants to store make up and toiletries in the bedroom.
XX may use a CD DRIVE if it wants to play CDS.
XX may use a glove if it wants to warm the hand.
XX may use a milk can if it wants to carry milk.
XX may use a soap if it wants to wash things.
XX may use a phone number list if it wants to read.
XX may use a lock box if it wants to store possessions.
XX may use a card catalog if it wants to hold cards.
XX may use a transformer if it wants to transform.
XX may use a shaver if it wants to cut the beard.
XX may use a task of walking if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a jump rope in both hands if it wants to turn and jump.
XX may use sockets if it wants to plug into.
XX may use a switch board if it wants to direct telephone calls.
XX may use a vhs player if it wants to play vhs video tapes.
XX may use a film if it wants to take the picture.
XX may use a compass if it wants to show the direction.
XX may use a drawing room if it wants to make the art.
XX may use a page if it wants to read with.
XX may use a file organizer if it wants to organize disorganized files.
XX may use a monitor button if it wants to provide power.
XX may use a motorcycle if it wants to ride from one place to another.
XX may use a document if it wants to keep information.
XX may use a door if it wants to enter the room.
XX may use a gingerbread cookies if it wants to eat.
XX may use a knife sharpener if it wants to make knives sharp.
XX may use a waitress if it wants to place an order for the meal.
XX may use a store room if it wants to store things.
XX may use a meat if it wants to make a burger.
XX may use a sewing machine if it wants to clean sewers.
XX may use a bicycle pump if it wants to keep bike tires firm.
XX may use a recycling can if it wants to recycle.
XX may use a server if it wants to run applications.
XX may use a boiler if it wants to make hot water.
XX may use a razor if it wants to become rid of hair.
XX may use a whistle if it wants to whistle.
XX may use a digital disc player if it wants to watch movies.
XX may use a fireplace screen if it wants to prevent cinders from flying out.
XX may use a stop button if it wants to make something stop.
XX may use a pipe if it wants to connect 2 things together.
XX may use a mouse cord if it wants to connect the mouse to the computer.
XX may use a car doors if it wants to keep on the car door.
XX may use an eggplant if it wants to fry.
XX may use a collar if it wants to keep something in place.
XX may use a desk if it wants to store.
XX may use a bracelet if it wants to adorn a wrist.
XX may use an exercise bicycle if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a space heater if it wants to warm an area.
XX may use an easter egg if it wants to decorate the house for easter holiday.
XX may use a postage stamp if it wants to affix to envelopes.
XX may use a lamp shade if it wants to obscure light.
XX may use a chopping block if it wants to chop vegetables.
XX may use an ammunition if it wants to kill people or animals.
XX may use a garlic press if it wants to squeeze the essence out of a piece of garlic.
XX may use a leaf if it wants to extend a table.
XX may use a vase if it wants to decorate a room.
XX may use a child safety gate if it wants to keep a child from falling down the stairs.
XX may use a photo copy if it wants to copy the document.
XX may use a wrist watch if it wants to tell time.
XX may use a brush if it wants to apply paint.
XX may use a rag if it wants to clean spills.
XX may use a flour sifter if it wants to make flour finer.
XX may use a music album if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a swing if it wants to entertain children.
XX may use a credenza if it wants to hold bottles.
XX may use an anti cockroach spray if it wants to kill roaches.
XX may use a medicine capsule if it wants to cure an ailment.
XX may use a computer mouse if it wants to interface with compters.
XX may use a stencil if it wants to trace.
XX may use a steering wheel if it wants to steer a car.
XX may use a reading desk if it wants to put books on.
XX may use a torch if it wants to brighten up the room.
XX may use a table space if it wants to set a place.
XX may use a peoples if it wants to talk with.
XX may use a traffic light if it wants to control the traffic.
XX may use a wood log if it wants to make a fire.
XX may use a swim suit if it wants to put on to go in the swimming pool.
XX may use a cereal box if it wants to store cereal.
XX may use a bloom if it wants to cover.
XX may use a scarf if it wants to warm a neck.
XX may use trousers if it wants to clothe people.
XX may use a trade magazine if it wants to read.
XX may use a paper clip holder if it wants to hold clips.
XX may use an inkwell if it wants to store ink.
XX may use a windbreaker if it wants to provide the protection.
XX may use a bike lock if it wants to lock bikes.
XX may use garden tools if it wants to garden with.
XX may use a stove if it wants to cook.
XX may use a pesticide if it wants to clean animals.
XX may use a computer if it wants to simulate.
XX may use a cellar telephone if it wants to talk on.
XX may use a lid if it wants to cover a drink.
XX may use an amplifier if it wants to produce the sound.
XX may use a document if it wants to keep records.
XX may use a banjo if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a box if it wants to put things in.
XX may use a cooking gas if it wants to cook with.
XX may use a circuit breaker if it wants to turn electricity on and off.
XX may use a ventilator if it wants to emit air in the room.
XX may use an eye shadow if it wants to define eyes.
XX may use a drain if it wants to plug a sink.
XX may use a spool of twine if it wants to hold the twine.
XX may use a wax if it wants to make a surface shiny.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to record the videos.
XX may use a speaker button if it wants to turn on the speaker.
XX may use a copier if it wants to photocopy.
XX may use a side dish if it wants to eat.
XX may use a decoration bow if it wants to make a present look nicer.
XX may use a service call if it wants to help.
XX may use a tooth brush if it wants to clean teeth.
XX may use a hot iron if it wants to straighten shirts.
XX may use a fax machinie if it wants to receive faxes.
XX may use a lamp switch if it wants to turn a lamp on or off.
XX may use a wallet if it wants to hold money and id s.
XX may use a laundry detergent if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a CD if it wants to listen to.
XX may use a socket if it wants to fix things.
XX may use clothes if it wants to keep people covered.
XX may use a notebook if it wants to write notes.
XX may use a push pin if it wants to attach things to a cork board.
XX may use a kiwi fruit if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a rubber ducky if it wants to placate children during a bath.
XX may use a motor cycle if it wants to transport people.
XX may use a coat stand if it wants to hang coats.
XX may use a comforter if it wants to comfort you.
XX may use an elastic band if it wants to tie.
XX may use a toolbox if it wants to hold tools in an organized fashion.
XX may use a box if it wants to pack things in.
XX may use a cooker if it wants to cook.
XX may use glasses if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a beer bottle if it wants to drink.
XX may use a coffee cup if it wants to drink coffe from.
XX may use a window blind if it wants to blind the outside from in.
XX may use a photography tripod if it wants to take pictures.
XX may use a three piece suit if it wants to dress up for an interview.
XX may use a patio table if it wants to serve dinner outside.
XX may use a fish bowl if it wants to keep fish as pets.
XX may use a reclining chair if it wants to relax in.
XX may use sockets if it wants to plug devices into.
XX may use a snack if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a stroller if it wants to help a baby move.
XX may use an axe if it wants to cut.
XX may use a shower rod if it wants to support a shower curtain.
XX may use a dining room hutch if it wants to sit int he dinin room.
XX may use a revolving chair if it wants to spin around.
XX may use a couch if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a mouse trap if it wants to trap.
XX may use a chicken if it wants to cook for dinner.
XX may use a footwear if it wants to protect the feet.
XX may use a metal if it wants to build things.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to pour water.
XX may use a phone booth if it wants to stand in while using the phone.
XX may use a safety helmet if it wants to protect your head.
XX may use a doll if it wants to play with.
XX may use a tv channel if it wants to view television programming.
XX may use a play pen if it wants to keep the baby in.
XX may use a toy truck if it wants to play with.
XX may use a movie disc if it wants to play the movie.
XX may use a dining table if it wants to eat dinner.
XX may use a fax machine if it wants to fax information to another place.
XX may use a tablet pc if it wants to take notes.
XX may use a balloon if it wants to advertise.
XX may use a name plate if it wants to name something.
XX may use a jar if it wants to store things in.
XX may use a cheese if it wants to bait a rat.
XX may use a flap if it wants to cover.
XX may use keys if it wants to open doors.
XX may use a meat if it wants to cook.
XX may use an easel if it wants to make paintings.
XX may use a mortar & pestle if it wants to grind grain.
XX may use a toilet paper if it wants to wipe your bottom.
XX may use a can opener if it wants to open tin cans.
XX may use a mustard if it wants to add the flavor.
XX may use a cheese slice if it wants to put on a burger.
XX may use a cash register if it wants to hold the cash.
XX may use a color pencils if it wants to create the artwork.
XX may use a lawn if it wants to bathe in the sun.
XX may use a dessert if it wants to finish off a dinner.
XX may use a tea kettle if it wants to boil water.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to tighten the screw.
XX may use sunglasses if it wants to block the sun from your eyes.
XX may use a phone number list if it wants to list people's phone numbers.
XX may use an exercise if it wants to keep one in good shape.
XX may use pins if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use a dust rag if it wants to dust.
XX may use a valuables in the safe if it wants to protect Them.
XX may use a makeup case if it wants to hold the makeup.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to be seen.
XX may use a hoe if it wants to turn the soil.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to show information.
XX may use a corn if it wants to make corn syrup.
XX may use a baby seat if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a collar if it wants to make a shirt look fancy.
XX may use a pepper shaker if it wants to dispense pepper.
XX may use a hand held electrical mixing machine if it wants to mix things.
XX may use a weight balance if it wants to balance.
XX may use a bedpan if it wants to pee in.
XX may use a pencil-case if it wants to carry pencils.
XX may use a trip guide if it wants to follow for trips.
XX may use a garbage bag if it wants to store the trash.
XX may use a cough syrup if it wants to treat a cough.
XX may use foods if it wants to become the nourishment.
XX may use a metal wire if it wants to wire.
XX may use a hangar if it wants to store airplanes.
XX may use an object on scale if it wants to weigh.
XX may use blinds if it wants to block windows.
XX may use a filing cabinet if it wants to file important papers.
XX may use a tricycle if it wants to move young children around.
XX may use a tray if it wants to serve food on.
XX may use a corn chips if it wants to eat.
XX may use a toy car if it wants to be played with.
XX may use a paperclip if it wants to hold documents together.
XX may use a drain stopper if it wants to plug.
XX may use a postage stamps on letter if it wants to ensure the delivery.
XX may use a clothes hanger if it wants to store the clothing.
XX may use a jar of jam if it wants to store jam.
XX may use a tissue box if it wants to store tissues.
XX may use a pill if it wants to heal someone.
XX may use a swivel fan if it wants to cool the air in a room.
XX may use a celebration if it wants to party.
XX may use a corn if it wants to make cornmeal.
XX may use a duct tape if it wants to tape things together.
XX may use a wet load of laundry if it wants to be dried up.
XX may use a phone if it wants to communicate over long distances quickly.
XX may use a vase if it wants to keep flowers.
XX may use a hospital if it wants to administer aid.
XX may use a paper roll if it wants to hold the paper.
XX may use a champagne flute if it wants to hold the champagne.
XX may use a whistle if it wants to call someone.
XX may use a monitor button if it wants to turn monitor on.
XX may use a page if it wants to write on.
XX may use an orange juice if it wants to take in vitamins.
XX may use a chalkboard compass if it wants to point at the direction.
XX may use a tricycle if it wants to learn to ride before you ride a bicycle.
XX may use a television set if it wants to watch the entertainment.
XX may use a girl if it wants to play with.
XX may use a halogen desk lamp if it wants to emit light.
XX may use a mattress if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to protect a person from getting wet.
XX may use snaps if it wants to attach items.
XX may use a computer keyboard if it wants to type text and symbols.
XX may use a computer table if it wants to hold a computer system.
XX may use a disinfectant if it wants to rid a surface of germs.
XX may use a soap if it wants to shower with.
XX may use a keychain if it wants to store an assotment of different keys.
XX may use an ac adaptor if it wants to charge objects.
XX may use utensils if it wants to eat with.
XX may use stamps if it wants to mail an envelope.
XX may use a ketchup if it wants to eat.
XX may use a chess if it wants to challenge another player.
XX may use a dental floss if it wants to wash your teeth.
XX may use a ball if it wants to throw.
XX may use a globe if it wants to represent the earth.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to make a call.
XX may use a study table if it wants to study on.
XX may use a stuffed animal if it wants to play with.
XX may use a filament if it wants to create a bulb.
XX may use a telephone number if it wants to call someone.
XX may use a teapot for a long time if it wants to boil water.
XX may use a rake if it wants to pick up leaves.
XX may use a printer if it wants to print out documents.
XX may use a phone call if it wants to contact someone.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to copy documents.
XX may use an ink cartridge if it wants to print.
XX may use a cereal bowl if it wants to hold cereal.
XX may use a flea if it wants to infest a dog.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to put the trash.
XX may use a cellphone if it wants to make phone calls.
XX may use a dog biscuit if it wants to feed the dog.
XX may use a treadmill if it wants to keep someone in shape.
XX may use a pizza if it wants to cook in oven.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to hold cereal.
XX may use napkins if it wants to clean hands and faces after eating.
XX may use a floor if it wants to hold.
XX may use a grass field if it wants to play in grass.
XX may use a rack if it wants to store books and things.
XX may use a stamp collection if it wants to showcase.
XX may use a China if it wants to serve food.
XX may use a power switch if it wants to turn power on/off.
XX may use balloons if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a dungeon lights if it wants to light up the dungeon.
XX may use a potted plant if it wants to produce oxygen.
XX may use a TV if it wants to entertain and inform.
XX may use a kite if it wants to play with.
XX may use a present if it wants to give to someone as a gift.
XX may use a chair if it wants to sit at a desk.
XX may use a handbag if it wants to carry a wallet.
XX may use a video game system if it wants to play videogames on.
XX may use a leather binder if it wants to hold papers and documents.
XX may use a safe if it wants to keep things safe.
XX may use a keychain if it wants to secure keys.
XX may use a hand bag if it wants to carry items.
XX may use a directory if it wants to look up the meaning of words.
XX may use a boss if it wants to take the control.
XX may use a lightswitch if it wants to make light.
XX may use a volume control if it wants to control the volume level.
XX may use a slide projector if it wants to show slides.
XX may use a basin if it wants to clean things.
XX may use a cord if it wants to power up electrical devices.
XX may use an antenna if it wants to become signal for tv.
XX may use roller skates if it wants to ride around.
XX may use a dollar bill if it wants to buy.
XX may use a trash if it wants to dispose of things.
XX may use a CD PLAYER if it wants to play music.
XX may use a phone call if it wants to contact another person.
XX may use a toy truck if it wants to woo a child.
XX may use a bun if it wants to hold a burger.
XX may use a projection screen if it wants to display images.
XX may use a trip guide if it wants to know where you are.
XX may use a flower vase if it wants to display flowers.
XX may use a light dimmer if it wants to lower the light.
XX may use a stamp if it wants to mail.
XX may use a nail clipper if it wants to make nails shorter.
XX may use a three-button trackball if it wants to interface with a computer.
XX may use a paper-pad if it wants to write on.
XX may use a golf stick if it wants to play in a stick and ball game.
XX may use a salad tongs if it wants to serve the salad.
XX may use nuts if it wants to make a dish with.
XX may use a salt if it wants to season.
XX may use bananas if it wants to feed monkeys.
XX may use a ringer if it wants to make a sound.
XX may use a cloth if it wants to wipe off something.
XX may use a CD DRIVE if it wants to play cd s.
XX may use a gingerbread house if it wants to decorate for christmas.
XX may use a backpack if it wants to keep objects.
XX may use a deck of cards if it wants to play card games.
XX may use a cord if it wants to plug something in.
XX may use scissors if it wants to cut the paper.
XX may use a first-aid kit if it wants to treat a wound.
XX may use a garbage from the room if it wants to go in the garbage can.
XX may use a wall if it wants to hold up a door.
XX may use an apple if it wants to grow apple trees.
XX may use a toy gadget if it wants to play with.
XX may use a light dimmer if it wants to decrease the amount of light.
XX may use an ice if it wants to cool a drink.
XX may use dollars if it wants to buy things.
XX may use a chocolate sauce if it wants to top deserts.
XX may use a glass bottle if it wants to be filled.
XX may use a sock if it wants to warm feet.
XX may use slides if it wants to show people.
XX may use a step stool if it wants to sit.
XX may use a cookie if it wants to eat.
XX may use a drinker if it wants to drink.
XX may use a telephone if it wants to have a conversation.
XX may use a lemon if it wants to eat.
XX may use a pitcher if it wants to pour liquids.
XX may use a frame if it wants to put a photo in.
XX may use a chain if it wants to form a necklace.
XX may use a jacket if it wants to wear when it is cold.
XX may use a manual if it wants to identify a part.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to display pictures or art.
XX may use a sugar if it wants to sweeten a drink.
XX may use a cigarette if it wants to relax.
XX may use a grass catcher if it wants to catch grass.
XX may use a tv remote if it wants to change the tv programs.
XX may use a laundary bag if it wants to hold dirty clothes.
XX may use a chocolate mousse if it wants to eat as dessert.
XX may use a kleenex box if it wants to house tissues.
XX may use a lampstand if it wants to hold  a lamp.
XX may use a whiteboard pen if it wants to write on the board.
XX may use a dust-pan if it wants to collect dirt and garbage swept by a broom.
XX may use drapes if it wants to block sunlight.
XX may use a dust bunny if it wants to make things dirty.
XX may use fruits if it wants to decorate a cake.
XX may use a water if it wants to wash the car.
XX may use a leather satchel if it wants to carry my keys and wallet.
XX may use slides if it wants to view pictures.
XX may use a vacuum if it wants to clean.
XX may use exits if it wants to leave an area.
XX may use an utility tub if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a pot if it wants to cook things.
XX may use a dungeon if it wants to play role games.
XX may use a wick if it wants to light a candle.
XX may use a spider if it wants to make webs.
XX may use a toothbrush if it wants to brush the tooth.
XX may use a lightbulb if it wants to light a room or area.
XX may use a menu if it wants to order food.
XX may use a weight balance if it wants to weigh.
XX may use a bicycle pump if it wants to inflate a tire.
XX may use a ringer if it wants to make the sound.
XX may use coffee beans if it wants to brew.
XX may use an alarm clock if it wants to wake a person up at a given time.
XX may use a babies highchair if it wants to seat and eat.
XX may use a ventilator if it wants to help breathe.
XX may use a fish if it wants to make dinner.
XX may use a brush if it wants to style the hair.
XX may use a farmer if it wants to grow crops.
XX may use a clock if it wants to tell time.
XX may use a sandal if it wants to wear.
XX may use a ribbon if it wants to tie the hair.
XX may use a mouse cord if it wants to connect a mouse to the computer.
XX may use a broom if it wants to remove dirt from floors.
XX may use a phone line if it wants to connect telephones.
XX may use a headboard if it wants to hold a bed together.
XX may use an anti cockroach spray if it wants to become rid of cockroackes.
XX may use a table saw if it wants to cut.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to eat a grapefruit.
XX may use a whiteout liquid if it wants to erase mistakes.
XX may use a poster if it wants to advertise a product.
XX may use a melody if it wants to evoke emotion to the listener.
XX may use a tape if it wants to record the sound.
XX may use a cheese slicer if it wants to slice.
XX may use a volume knob if it wants to adjust the volume.
XX may use an alarm clock if it wants to wake someone at a specific time.
XX may use a nail if it wants to hammer.
XX may use a television show if it wants to entertain people.
XX may use a tree if it wants to see.
XX may use a trap if it wants to catch something unexpectadely.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to hold the fruit.
XX may use a lot of boxes if it wants to store many items.
XX may use a feeding bottle if it wants to feed a baby.
XX may use a wine cellar if it wants to store wine bottles.
XX may use pants if it wants to put upon your legs for protection.
XX may use a slipper if it wants to keep the feet warm.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to observe or study something.
XX may use a vegetarian dish if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a parents teacher meeting if it wants to meet the teachers.
XX may use an utility tub if it wants to clean.
XX may use a dish if it wants to hold food.
XX may use a beer mug if it wants to pour beer.
XX may use a wedge of cheese if it wants to make a sandwich.
XX may use a shovel if it wants to dig a hole.
XX may use a horn if it wants to sound the alarm.
XX may use a cheese slice if it wants to eat.
XX may use a compass if it wants to tell the direction.
XX may use a vanity unit if it wants to look at self.
XX may use files if it wants to store information.
XX may use a scanner if it wants to scan.
XX may use a curry if it wants to eat.
XX may use a cd rom drive if it wants to read cd roms.
XX may use a croissant if it wants to accompany a meal as bread.
XX may use a page protector if it wants to protect pages.
XX may use a vcd player if it wants to play vcds.
XX may use a flap if it wants to close something.
XX may use a mophead if it wants to clean floors.
XX may use a wall mirror if it wants to check out your clothes.
XX may use heels if it wants to make one taller.
XX may use a sofa cushion if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a mail if it wants to send the news.
XX may use a Jack if it wants to lift up a tire.
XX may use glasses if it wants to read small print.
XX may use roses if it wants to look at.
XX may use a veil if it wants to put over a bride's face.
XX may use a screw if it wants to attach things.
XX may use a wine bottle if it wants to contain wine.
XX may use a glass with water if it wants to hydrate a thirsty person.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to call for help.
XX may use a first aid kit if it wants to heal wounds.
XX may use a yard if it wants to measure the length.
XX may use a wallpaper if it wants to cover walls.
XX may use connections if it wants to connect things with.
XX may use glasses if it wants to see.
XX may use a paper weight if it wants to hold papers down.
XX may use a card table if it wants to play cards.
XX may use a phone line if it wants to connect a phone to the network.
XX may use cherries if it wants to put on ice cream.
XX may use a nail if it wants to bond two or more pieces of wood or similar material.
XX may use a trumpet if it wants to make music.
XX may use a clarinet if it wants to play.
XX may use a tape deck if it wants to play music.
XX may use a safety belt if it wants to ride safely in a car.
XX may use a blender if it wants to chop.
XX may use a phone cord if it wants to connect the telephone.
XX may use a xerox machine if it wants to copy things.
XX may use a pressure cooker if it wants to cook food quickly.
XX may use a jump rope in both hands if it wants to jump over.
XX may use a binder clip if it wants to hold papers together.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to make duplicates of the contents of a piece of paper.
XX may use a family photo album if it wants to store pictures.
XX may use a load of laundry if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a fire sprinkler if it wants to put out flames.
XX may use a power switch if it wants to turn on things.
XX may use glasses if it wants to correct the vision.
XX may use a bag if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a bathmat if it wants to step on.
XX may use an ornament if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a dresser if it wants to store clothes.
XX may use a refrigerator if it wants to chill food.
XX may use a board if it wants to put notices up on.
XX may use a container if it wants to hold something.
XX may use a cupboard if it wants to store items.
XX may use a toothbrush if it wants to clean teath.
XX may use a book jacket if it wants to protect a book.
XX may use a screen door if it wants to block insects but allow wind to pass through.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to light a room.
XX may use an air conditioning duct if it wants to blow out air.
XX may use a bread if it wants to provide food.
XX may use a binder if it wants to organize papers.
XX may use a wind chime if it wants to make music.
XX may use speakers if it wants to project sounds.
XX may use a wine cellar if it wants to keep wine in.
XX may use a camera if it wants to take a picture.
XX may use a wine bottle if it wants to store wine.
XX may use an elastic if it wants to stretch.
XX may use a child cup if it wants to hold a drink.
XX may use a teacup if it wants to drink.
XX may use a string rope if it wants to tie things up.
XX may use a lock if it wants to keep people out.
XX may use a cushion if it wants to relax on.
XX may use a safe if it wants to store items.
XX may use a ham if it wants to make sandwiches.
XX may use a cowboy boots if it wants to keep feet covered.
XX may use a puzzle pieces if it wants to complete a puzzle.
XX may use a radiator if it wants to circulate water an engine.
XX may use a weapon if it wants to harm.
XX may use a lint trap if it wants to filter lint in a clothes dryer.
XX may use roses if it wants to look good.
XX may use a notice board if it wants to write messages.
XX may use a picture if it wants to view.
XX may use shoes if it wants to wear.
XX may use a cushion if it wants to lie.
XX may use a toilet paper if it wants to clean after using bathroom.
XX may use a curtain string if it wants to open a curtain.
XX may use a bathroom sink if it wants to clean up.
XX may use an energy if it wants to power.
XX may use a wall calendar if it wants to keep track of the date.
XX may use an almond shell if it wants to eat.
XX may use a dust-pan if it wants to clean up dust.
XX may use a toiletpaper if it wants to wipe your bottom with.
XX may use a the power switch if it wants to turn on the power.
XX may use a thread if it wants to tie.
XX may use a mail if it wants to communicate.
XX may use a discman if it wants to listen to music.
XX may use a paper if it wants to write notes on.
XX may use a glue stick if it wants to glue the paper.
XX may use a fortune cookie if it wants to amuse people.
XX may use a tomato if it wants to eat.
XX may use eggs if it wants to make omellette.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to keep  track of important dates.
XX may use a beeper if it wants to alert.
XX may use a lock if it wants to secure the property.
XX may use a tea if it wants to drink tea.
XX may use a bag holder if it wants to hold bags.
XX may use a salad dressing if it wants to dress a salad.
XX may use a fire if it wants to make things warm.
XX may use a phone receiver if it wants to speak.
XX may use a bar-b-que if it wants to grill.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to illuminate rooms.
XX may use a soda can if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a teething ring if it wants to pacify.
XX may use a rubber stamp if it wants to stamp thinggs.
XX may use a garbage if it wants to dispose.
XX may use dimmer if it wants to make the lights less bright.
XX may use a silverware if it wants to set a table.
XX may use a gun if it wants to kill with.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to eat the inside of the grapefruit.
XX may use a quilt if it wants to cover up with.
XX may use a bread in toaster if it wants to eat.
XX may use a box if it wants to store materials.
XX may use a bat if it wants to hit a ball.
XX may use a key if it wants to unlock a chest.
XX may use a hand if it wants to grasp.
XX may use a scanner if it wants to duplicate a page.
XX may use an eyeliner if it wants to color the eye.
XX may use a satchel if it wants to store thigns.
XX may use a mortar & pestle if it wants to grind things up.
XX may use a californian roll if it wants to eat.
XX may use a hair curler if it wants to curl the hair.
XX may use an electric panel if it wants to power electronics.
XX may use a platter if it wants to serve food on.
XX may use a curio cabinet if it wants to store things.
XX may use a hat if it wants to cover the head.
XX may use a coffee if it wants to wake up in the morning.
XX may use a puppy if it wants to entertain its owners.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to freeze things.
XX may use a scale if it wants to weigh objects.
XX may use a solution if it wants to provide answers.
XX may use a dvd player if it wants to play DVDS.
XX may use a snap if it wants to close up a gap.
XX may use a lipstick if it wants to make up your face.
XX may use a bookcase if it wants to hold books.
XX may use flowers if it wants to make a home look nice.
XX may use a checkbook if it wants to keep track of what you spend.
XX may use a mushroom if it wants to make an omelette.
XX may use a water stream if it wants to wash the body.
XX may use a seat cushion if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a swivel fan if it wants to move air.
XX may use a wall calendar if it wants to inform the viewer what the day and date are.
XX may use a pipe if it wants to carry water from the sink to the ground.
XX may use a cookie if it wants to eat and enjoy.
XX may use a set of clothing if it wants to hide our modesty.
XX may use a shaver if it wants to shave Oneself.
XX may use a suit if it wants to wear at a wedding.
XX may use a balloon if it wants to celebrate a birthday.
XX may use a knife sharpener if it wants to sharpen the blade of a knife.
XX may use a quilt if it wants to cover.
XX may use a bandage if it wants to cover a wound.
XX may use a washing machine lid if it wants to cover the washing machine up.
XX may use an olive if it wants to make oil.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to cover feet.
XX may use pills if it wants to take when you aren't well.
XX may use a perfume if it wants to allure.
XX may use a motorcycle if it wants to provide the transportation.
XX may use a hat if it wants to protect the head.
XX may use a ballon if it wants to make a birthday more festive.
XX may use a kitchen sink if it wants to place dirty dishes in.
XX may use a music at low volume if it wants to calm you down.
XX may use a suitcase if it wants to carry the luggage.
XX may use a bulb if it wants to light.
XX may use a pumpkin if it wants to make pumpkin pie.
XX may use an apricot if it wants to eat.
XX may use a PDA if it wants to remember things.
XX may use an easy chair if it wants to relax.
XX may use a temperature if it wants to tell how warm or cool something is.
XX may use a mail if it wants to send letters.
XX may use eggs if it wants to make scrambled eggs.
XX may use a table if it wants to dine.
XX may use a t v if it wants to entertain people of all ages.
XX may use a salad dressing if it wants to flavor the salad.
XX may use police if it wants to investigate crimes.
XX may use a space heater if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to record family happenings on it.
XX may use a toner cartridge if it wants to copy.
XX may use a water colors if it wants to paint a picture.
XX may use a wall if it wants to separate rooms.
XX may use a nail if it wants to secure pieces of wood together.
XX may use a power if it wants to make light.
XX may use a cue stick if it wants to shoot the pool ball.
XX may use a shampoo if it wants to clean the hair.
XX may use a playpen if it wants to keep the baby in.
XX may use a cutlery if it wants to eat with.
XX may use a windbreaker if it wants to protect you from the wind.
XX may use a paint brush if it wants to paint things.
XX may use a bar-b-que if it wants to grill food.
XX may use a chocolate bar if it wants to satisfy a craving.
XX may use a juice if it wants to drink.
XX may use a faucet if it wants to transport water.
XX may use a skylight if it wants to let natural light into a room.
XX may use a toiler paper holder if it wants to hold the toilet paper.
XX may use a hand tray if it wants to carry objects.
XX may use a knitting needles if it wants to knit.
XX may use a gin if it wants to drink.
XX may use a coke can if it wants to hold a drink.
XX may use a screw driver if it wants to screw or unscrew things.
XX may use a yo-yo if it wants to play with.
XX may use a diaper pail if it wants to hold diapers.
XX may use a cat box if it wants to train the cat.
XX may use a cloth if it wants to clean items.
XX may use a mantle if it wants to display items  on.
XX may use memories if it wants to store thoughts from the past.
XX may use a photo album if it wants to store pictures.
XX may use a dollar bill if it wants to buy food.
XX may use a paper napkins if it wants to wipe.
XX may use a push pin if it wants to hold up something.
XX may use a logo if it wants to be seen and read.
XX may use a luggage if it wants to store the clothing.
XX may use a filing cabinet if it wants to file papers.
XX may use a clock if it wants to keep time.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to write important dates on.
XX may use a wrench if it wants to turn nuts.
XX may use a party cake if it wants to celebrate a birthday.
XX may use a punch bowl if it wants to hold and dispense punch.
XX may use a baby carrier if it wants to carry a baby.
XX may use a jewel box if it wants to hold jewels.
XX may use a basket if it wants to hold flowers.
XX may use a staple if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use an elevator if it wants to reach a floor.
XX may use a dvd disk if it wants to watch movies.
XX may use an inkjet printer if it wants to print recipets.
XX may use a bathtime if it wants to bathe.
XX may use a garbage can if it wants to collect garbage.
XX may use a bicycle tire if it wants to make a bicycle move.
XX may use a tupperware if it wants to store leftover food inside.
XX may use a match if it wants to burn.
XX may use a bedsheet on the bed if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a wine glass if it wants to learn about wine.
XX may use a muffin tin if it wants to hold muffins.
XX may use a paint tray if it wants to hold paints.
XX may use an ID if it wants to identify.
XX may use a whistle if it wants to blow on.
XX may use a set of books if it wants to read.
XX may use a coconut if it wants to eat.
XX may use a message if it wants to pass on information.
XX may use a jug if it wants to hold liquid.
XX may use a flour container if it wants to hold flour.
XX may use pencils if it wants to write down things.
XX may use a slot machine if it wants to entertain people.
XX may use a window if it wants to allow sunlight into a room.
XX may use a gym bag if it wants to put gym clothes in.
XX may use a statue if it wants to hold down some papers.
XX may use speakers if it wants to enhance the sound.
XX may use a pencil case if it wants to hold pencils.
XX may use a tub water if it wants to wash up.
XX may use pants if it wants to keep legs covered.
XX may use a tissue if it wants to wipe tears.
XX may use a person if it wants to communicate with.
XX may use a damp rug if it wants to be wet.
XX may use a power saw if it wants to cut trees.
XX may use a wallpaper if it wants to decorate the walls.
XX may use a diskette if it wants to store data.
XX may use balloons if it wants to amuse a child.
XX may use a hangar if it wants to house an airplane.
XX may use a video if it wants to watch.
XX may use a palette if it wants to eat.
XX may use a pencil can if it wants to hold pencils.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to protect feet.
XX may use a paperclip holder if it wants to hold small items.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to view electronic information.
XX may use a banana if it wants to feed monkeys.
XX may use a bandage if it wants to cover the wound.
XX may use a changing table if it wants to change baby diapers.
XX may use a mailcart if it wants to carry mail.
XX may use a mower if it wants to mow the grass in the yard.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to put over your head when it rains.
XX may use a satellite receiver if it wants to receive information.
XX may use a cherry if it wants to make cherry pie.
XX may use an iron if it wants to remove wrinkles from clothing.
XX may use an energy drink if it wants to drink.
XX may use a pajama bottom if it wants to cover your bottom when you sleep.
XX may use a carseat if it wants to keep a child safe.
XX may use a food processor if it wants to make food.
XX may use a test if it wants to see how much someone knows.
XX may use flowers if it wants to please.
XX may use a music system if it wants to play records.
XX may use a bread loaf if it wants to serve to people.
XX may use a nail clipper if it wants to keep nails neat.
XX may use a cake if it wants to celebrate a special occasion.
XX may use a fan if it wants to make air.
XX may use a cleaning chemicals if it wants to clean a mess.
XX may use a pair of contacts if it wants to enable better vision.
XX may use a flower if it wants to look nice.
XX may use a bath if it wants to bathe in.
XX may use a visitor eye hole if it wants to look through the door.
XX may use a drape if it wants to cover a window.
XX may use earrings if it wants to accessorize.
XX may use a poster on the wall if it wants to decorate a room.
XX may use a wreath if it wants to hang on the door.
XX may use a folder if it wants to keep things organized.
XX may use a watermelon slice if it wants to feed.
XX may use a directory if it wants to arrange data.
XX may use drapes if it wants to cover windows.
XX may use a lawnmower if it wants to cut the grass.
XX may use a shipping box if it wants to ship something.
XX may use a transparency sheet if it wants to show the INFO.
XX may use a washcloth if it wants to wash.
XX may use a fruit if it wants to feed a person.
XX may use a coat tree if it wants to hang coats on.
XX may use a basket if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a sleeping bag if it wants to camp in.
XX may use a videocassette if it wants to tape the video.
XX may use a personal organizer if it wants to keep track of appointments.
XX may use a wire stripper if it wants to strip wires.
XX may use a laundry if it wants to put in the laundry.
XX may use a file if it wants to smooth finger nails.
XX may use a magnifier if it wants to see small things.
XX may use a tupperware if it wants to store food.
XX may use a coke can if it wants to store liquid.
XX may use a farmer if it wants to farm.
XX may use a motor if it wants to power.
XX may use a coat peg if it wants to hold coats.
XX may use a cord if it wants to plug into a wall socket from a machine.
XX may use a beer bottle if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a date stamp if it wants to put the date on items.
XX may use a pet if it wants to keep you company.
XX may use a watering can with water if it wants to water the plants.
XX may use a tub if it wants to wash.
XX may use a soap if it wants to take a bath.
XX may use an electric outlet if it wants to plug cords into.
XX may use a faucet if it wants to dispense water.
XX may use a latch if it wants to lock things.
XX may use an ointment if it wants to soothe a burn.
XX may use a dinner table if it wants to eat.
XX may use a knob if it wants to allow easy access to drawers.
XX may use a wheel if it wants to make a bicycle go forward.
XX may use a dining room table if it wants to eat dinner.
XX may use a garden if it wants to grow things in.
XX may use a pesticide if it wants to kill insects.
XX may use a lamp if it wants to read books under.
XX may use a baseball bat if it wants to hit a baseball.
XX may use a computer display if it wants to show what is going on with the computer.
XX may use pretzels if it wants to satisfy a salty craving.
XX may use a book if it wants to hold words to read.
XX may use a soap container if it wants to contain soap.
XX may use a necklace if it wants to dress up.
XX may use a paper towel if it wants to clean.
XX may use a radio if it wants to listen to music or news.
XX may use a dog food dish if it wants to hold the dog food.
XX may use a rocking chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a flame if it wants to burn.
XX may use an oil can if it wants to oil metal that is scraping.
XX may use a bed if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a fire place if it wants to burn wood.
XX may use a fan switch if it wants to switch on the fan.
XX may use a stamp marking machine if it wants to Mark objects.
XX may use a rodent if it wants to trap.
XX may use a window shade if it wants to block the Sun.
XX may use an air conditioner if it wants to keep cool.
XX may use a weather if it wants to judge how people dress.
XX may use blinds if it wants to cover the window.
XX may use a bulletin board if it wants to display notices.
XX may use a power adaptor if it wants to power things.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to wear on your feet.
XX may use a child gate if it wants to keep kids in a room.
XX may use a cigarette pack if it wants to satisfy a cigarette craving.
XX may use a teaspoon if it wants to measure ingredients.
XX may use a paper if it wants to keep notes.
XX may use a filing system if it wants to keep things in order.
XX may use a pumpkin if it wants to be carved.
XX may use a folding handheld fan if it wants to cool yourself on a hot day.
XX may use a sink if it wants to wash things.
XX may use a fireplace if it wants to heat a house.
XX may use a room clean if it wants to clean a room?.
XX may use a medicine if it wants to treat the sickness.
XX may use an alarm system if it wants to alert someone if there is something wrong.
XX may use a dartboard if it wants to play darts.
XX may use a potato peeler if it wants to peel potato skins off.
XX may use an ac adapter if it wants to power devices.
XX may use a blanket if it wants to keep you warm.
XX may use a rain if it wants to make you wet.
XX may use a box if it wants to store things.
XX may use a fabric softener if it wants to soften the clothing.
XX may use a recliner if it wants to relax in.
XX may use a color pencils if it wants to illustrate and highlight.
XX may use a diaper pail if it wants to store smelly diapers.
XX may use a diary if it wants to write daily journal.
XX may use a water if it wants to quench the thirst.
XX may use a game pad if it wants to play games.
XX may use a baritone brass instrument if it wants to make music.
XX may use a nest if it wants to house baby animals.
XX may use a fountain pen if it wants to write.
XX may use a Mobile if it wants to decorate a baby crib.
XX may use a jacket if it wants to keep a person warm.
XX may use a hot water faucet if it wants to wash things.
XX may use a pressure cooker if it wants to cook.
XX may use a drill if it wants to bore holes.
XX may use a pant suit if it wants to wear on the body.
XX may use a movie dvd if it wants to watch a movie.
XX may use a rum if it wants to drink.
XX may use a juicer if it wants to create juice from fruit.
XX may use headphones if it wants to listen privately.
XX may use an entertainment center if it wants to contain entertainment equipment.
XX may use a tea pitcher if it wants to hold tea.
XX may use a toasted bread if it wants to eat.
XX may use a package if it wants to wrap.
XX may use a showercap if it wants to protect.
XX may use a pasta if it wants to bring the family together.
XX may use a kitchen if it wants to cook.
XX may use a sterilize kit if it wants to clean infections.
XX may use a curtain if it wants to block viewing.
XX may use a playroom if it wants to play.
XX may use a ball of string if it wants to tie things.
XX may use a living room if it wants to watch the TV.
XX may use a sofa if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a project if it wants to gather information on a specific topic.
XX may use an address if it wants to tell where someone is.
XX may use a wiring if it wants to wire things.
XX may use a cardboard box if it wants to ship packages.
XX may use a booster seat if it wants to allow small/young children to eat at the height level of adults.
XX may use a clothes washer if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a booster seat if it wants to make the child higher up in the seat.
XX may use a perfume if it wants to spray to make one smell good.
XX may use a faucet if it wants to obtain water.
XX may use a kitchen table if it wants to place objects on.
XX may use labels if it wants to label.
XX may use a medicine cabinet if it wants to hold medicine.
XX may use a work bench if it wants to sit.
XX may use a topic if it wants to START.
XX may use a piano bench if it wants to sit on for piano.
XX may use a beanie if it wants to be a hat.
XX may use a purse if it wants to keep money.
XX may use a swim suit if it wants to wear when you go swimming.
XX may use an ice cube if it wants to cool drinks.
XX may use a mind if it wants to think.
XX may use a rubber bands if it wants to hold something together.
XX may use a briefcase if it wants to hold the paperwork.
XX may use a photograph if it wants to record a visual likeness of a person, object, or scene.
XX may use a shot glass if it wants to drink alcohol.
XX may use a playpen if it wants to play in.
XX may use a stepstool if it wants to reach high objects.
XX may use a garden hose if it wants to spray water.
XX may use a projection screen if it wants to watch movies on.
XX may use a bread if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a mail slot if it wants to receive mail.
XX may use a pencil can if it wants to hold pencild.
XX may use a food if it wants to give the body energy.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to call the friend.
XX may use a waste basket if it wants to throw trash in.
XX may use batteries if it wants to make a car run.
XX may use a shot glass if it wants to drink.
XX may use napkins if it wants to clean.
XX may use a conditioner if it wants to soften the hair.
XX may use a lock if it wants to protect items.
XX may use a night table if it wants to set a telephone on.
XX may use a ground if it wants to walk on.
XX may use a safety pads if it wants to keep you safe.
XX may use a manager if it wants to direct his employees.
XX may use an envelope if it wants to send a letter.
XX may use a boxing bag if it wants to train a boxer.
XX may use a story book if it wants to read the story.
XX may use a grapefruit if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a dustpan if it wants to collect dirt when sweeping the floor.
XX may use a printer if it wants to print pages.
XX may use a computer desk if it wants to have a computer.
XX may use a power adaptor if it wants to charge laptops.
XX may use a changing station if it wants to change.
XX may use a pepper if it wants to flavor food.
XX may use a noticeboard if it wants to post notices.
XX may use a lock if it wants to secure a door.
XX may use a dryer if it wants to dry clothes.
XX may use a woman if it wants to clean the house.
XX may use a clean dishes if it wants to put away.
XX may use a computer printer if it wants to print documents.
XX may use a mouse cord if it wants to connect to the mouse.
XX may use a kitchen shelf if it wants to hold food.
XX may use a washing basket if it wants to carry the laundry.
XX may use an insect if it wants to pollinate crops.
XX may use an odometer if it wants to keep track of the mileage.
XX may use an easter basket if it wants to find easter eggs.
XX may use a fuse if it wants to protect a circuit.
XX may use a paper if it wants to record information upon.
XX may use a trash compactor if it wants to grind up trash.
XX may use a six pack if it wants to quench peoples  thirst.
XX may use coffee beans if it wants to make coffee.
XX may use a whiteout bottle if it wants to correct mistakes.
XX may use an ash tray if it wants to contain cigarette ashes in a specific place before being emptied into a trashcan.
XX may use a curling iron if it wants to curl the hair.
XX may use a trash if it wants to throw away garbage.
XX may use an easel if it wants to hold an artists canvas.
XX may use a cupboard if it wants to store cups.
XX may use a microwave if it wants to heat food.
XX may use a roulette wheel if it wants to gamble with.
XX may use a cord if it wants to connect things together to make them work.
XX may use a barbecue grill if it wants to make barbecue on.
XX may use a lumber if it wants to build houses.
XX may use a wick if it wants to light.
XX may use police if it wants to protect citizens.
XX may use an air conditioning unit if it wants to cool the house.
XX may use chips if it wants to play poker.
XX may use a video game system if it wants to entertain yourself.
XX may use an ear-ring if it wants to put on your ear or ears.
XX may use a knife if it wants to cut food.
XX may use eyes if it wants to see.
XX may use a music at low volume if it wants to provide ambient noise.
XX may use a dishwasher soap if it wants to wash dishes.
XX may use a sofa bed if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a laundry hamper if it wants to hold the laundry.
XX may use a trophy if it wants to award people.
XX may use a hair brush bristles if it wants to straighten the hair.
XX may use a heat if it wants to heat.
XX may use a dumpster if it wants to store garbage.
XX may use an antiseptic if it wants to clean a wound.
XX may use a jewel box if it wants to hold jewlery.
XX may use a pant suit if it wants to look silly.
XX may use a dictionary if it wants to look up words.
XX may use a screen if it wants to display visual media.
XX may use a glue stick if it wants to glue things.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to display text or graphics.
XX may use a gate if it wants to shut.
XX may use a hinge if it wants to swing a door.
XX may use a paper clip holder if it wants to store paper clips.
XX may use a jewelry if it wants to decorate the body.
XX may use a water bottle if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a rice cooker if it wants to cook.
XX may use a home theater system if it wants to produce surround sound.
XX may use a peanut butter if it wants to put on bread.
XX may use a jelly if it wants to put on bread.
XX may use a treadmill if it wants to exercise on.
XX may use a grass field if it wants to grow grass.
XX may use a videotape if it wants to store a video.
XX may use a desk drawer if it wants to store papers.
XX may use a pillow cover if it wants to cover.
XX may use a notepaper if it wants to take notes or messages on.
XX may use a bow tie if it wants to make a man look sophisticated.
XX may use a toothbrush if it wants to make your teeth clean.
XX may use a camping stove if it wants to heat food while in the wilderness.
XX may use a check book if it wants to hold checks.
XX may use a brass instrument if it wants to play sound on.
XX may use a fan if it wants to move air.
XX may use a ruler if it wants to measure things.
XX may use a date stamp if it wants to indicate the date and time.
XX may use a shoe rack if it wants to arrange shoes.
XX may use an infant seat if it wants to keep an infant safe in a car.
XX may use a toolkit if it wants to hold tools.
XX may use a cork if it wants to plug a bottle.
XX may use a guitar amplifier if it wants to make the sound.
XX may use a saw if it wants to cut.
XX may use a tent if it wants to sleep in while camping.
XX may use an aspirin if it wants to reduce ache.
XX may use a comb if it wants to fix the hair.
XX may use a garbage from the room if it wants to collect garbage.
XX may use a ball if it wants to play a game.
XX may use a muffin tin if it wants to bake muffins.
XX may use a street if it wants to drive on.
XX may use a type writer if it wants to type letters.
XX may use a hall tree if it wants to decorate the hall.
XX may use a medicine grinder if it wants to grind pills.
XX may use a hammer if it wants to drive in nails.
XX may use a fridge if it wants to store perishable foods.
XX may use a check book if it wants to write cheques.
XX may use a paper-pad if it wants to record notes.
XX may use a fertilizer if it wants to be on the ground.
XX may use a chocolate pudding if it wants to enjoy.
XX may use a photograph if it wants to record images on a physical medium.
XX may use data if it wants to relay information.
XX may use a lime if it wants to eat.
XX may use a lesson if it wants to teach.
XX may use a stroller if it wants to transport babies.
XX may use papers if it wants to write or draw on.
XX may use a coat rack if it wants to hold coats.
XX may use a curtain rope if it wants to block windows.
XX may use a bookmark if it wants to Mark your place in a book.
XX may use an aquarium if it wants to give fish a place to live.
XX may use screws if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use a brown bag lunch if it wants to take to work or school.
XX may use a pillow if it wants to rest your head.
XX may use a bulletin if it wants to inform.
XX may use a showercap if it wants to keep your hair dry.
XX may use a gym bag if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a high pressure if it wants to blow the dust.
XX may use a houseplant if it wants to be a decoration.
XX may use a nail paint if it wants to color finger nails.
XX may use a mousepad if it wants to safeguard a mouse.
XX may use a soap if it wants to eat.
XX may use a water fountain if it wants to drink.
XX may use a camping stove if it wants to cook food on.
XX may use a torch if it wants to light a dark area or room.
XX may use a nail file if it wants to file nails.
XX may use a camera if it wants to take pics.
XX may use a pair of mittens if it wants to keep hands warm.
XX may use snacks if it wants to eat.
XX may use a birthday cake if it wants to eat.
XX may use a helmet if it wants to protect a human's head from concussion by falling or moving objects.
XX may use a check if it wants to pay bills.
XX may use a mixed drink if it wants to cool you.
XX may use a hot pad if it wants to reduce pain.
XX may use an electric shaver if it wants to shave off hair.
XX may use a laundry if it wants to fill washing machines.
XX may use a toothbrush if it wants to clean teeth.
XX may use a coaster if it wants to set drinks on.
XX may use a teaspoon if it wants to measure.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to protect one from the rain.
XX may use pants if it wants to wear.
XX may use a lockbox if it wants to secure things.
XX may use a babies highchair if it wants to hold a baby.
XX may use a cooking gas if it wants to cook food on a stove range.
XX may use a program if it wants to program.
XX may use a toner if it wants to remove makeup and freshen the skin.
XX may use a lp record if it wants to play a song.
XX may use a house coat if it wants to be worn in house.
XX may use a guitar amplifier if it wants to make the sound louder.
XX may use a chicken if it wants to eat.
XX may use a clothes hamper if it wants to hold clothes.
XX may use postage stamps if it wants to send letters.
XX may use a rug if it wants to keep the floor clean.
XX may use a mailbox if it wants to mail letters.
XX may use a potholder if it wants to hold pots.
XX may use a hatchet if it wants to chop wood.
XX may use an amplifier if it wants to make louder sound.
XX may use a chair if it wants to be sit in.
XX may use a notepad if it wants to make notes.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to perform complicated tasks.
XX may use cleaner if it wants to remove the dirt.
XX may use a mail slot if it wants to place mail through.
XX may use a microphone if it wants to amplify the sound.
XX may use a Candy if it wants to eat.
XX may use a lock if it wants to keep objects and people safe.
XX may use a tile if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a food dish if it wants to eat.
XX may use a milk can if it wants to store milk.
XX may use a telephone cord if it wants to talk.
XX may use a truck if it wants to haul things.
XX may use a chess board if it wants to play chess.
XX may use a map if it wants to show directions.
XX may use a telephone if it wants to communicate.
XX may use ice cubes if it wants to cool a drink.
XX may use a writing pad if it wants to take notes.
XX may use flowers if it wants to look good.
XX may use a table legs if it wants to hold up the other side of the table.
XX may use a shipping box if it wants to ship goods.
XX may use a pool filter if it wants to clean.
XX may use a copier if it wants to copy images.
XX may use a popcorn if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a swim suit if it wants to wear.
XX may use a food item if it wants to satisfy the hunger.
XX may use a credit card if it wants to buy clothes.
XX may use a logo if it wants to advertise a brand.
XX may use a party room if it wants to hold social events.
XX may use a helmet if it wants to protect the hbead from injury when falling.
XX may use a deep fryer if it wants to fry potatoes.
XX may use a christmas tree if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a plumbing pipe if it wants to become water.
XX may use a pitch fork if it wants to help farmers.
XX may use a whiteboard duster if it wants to clean whiteboards.
XX may use valuables if it wants to collect.
XX may use a side chair if it wants to seat someone at a dining table.
XX may use a clothing if it wants to wear.
XX may use a baby changing table if it wants to change diapers on.
XX may use a six pack if it wants to drink beer.
XX may use a balloon if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a trunk if it wants to secure clothes.
XX may use a champagne glass if it wants to drink the champagne.
XX may use a home theatre system if it wants to entertain guests.
XX may use boots if it wants to put on feet.
XX may use a beeper if it wants to contact a person.
XX may use a trackball mouse if it wants to input data into a computer.
XX may use a post-it note if it wants to write.
XX may use a jewelry box if it wants to hold jewelery.
XX may use index cards if it wants to study for exams.
XX may use a tray if it wants to put food on.
XX may use an eyeglass lens if it wants to help see better.
XX may use a soda if it wants to drink.
XX may use a water cooler if it wants to dispense water.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to frame a photo.
XX may use pearls if it wants to wear.
XX may use a salad fork if it wants to eat salad.
XX may use an egg if it wants to cook with.
XX may use a saucepan if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a paper pad if it wants to write on.
XX may use a memo if it wants to read.
XX may use a statue if it wants to represent a hero.
XX may use a licence if it wants to drive.
XX may use a beeper if it wants to alarm people.
XX may use an equipment if it wants to become work done.
XX may use a water tap if it wants to become water.
XX may use a pastry if it wants to feed a person.
XX may use a lint trap if it wants to collect the lint.
XX may use a heat if it wants to warm you.
XX may use a stickerbook if it wants to store stickers.
XX may use a diary if it wants to write in.
XX may use a dust buster if it wants to clean things with.
XX may use a washing machine lid if it wants to protect washing.
XX may use chopsticks if it wants to eat food.
XX may use a bone if it wants to give to a dog.
XX may use feet if it wants to walk.
XX may use a board game if it wants to provide the entertainment.
XX may use a wall clock if it wants to tell time.
XX may use a car seat if it wants to make the driver comfortable.
XX may use a grape if it wants to satisfy the hunger.
XX may use a pepper if it wants to eat.
XX may use a book if it wants to tell a story.
XX may use a laundry soap if it wants to clean.
XX may use a cheese if it wants to fill your hungry tummy.
XX may use a counter top if it wants to work at.
XX may use a papaya if it wants to feed someone.
XX may use an iron pan if it wants to fry the chicken.
XX may use an ice cube if it wants to cool.
XX may use a wall if it wants to have privac.
XX may use a calender if it wants to track dates.
XX may use a toner cartridge if it wants to tone.
XX may use a trophy if it wants to reward.
XX may use a soap dispenser if it wants to pour soap.
XX may use a suitcase if it wants to store.
XX may use a maid if it wants to clean the house.
XX may use an iron if it wants to iron clothes.
XX may use an interior designer if it wants to decorate.
XX may use blades if it wants to cut with.
XX may use a drinker if it wants to study for abuse.
XX may use a shaver if it wants to shave a face.
XX may use a ball of twine if it wants to tie things up.
XX may use an office if it wants to work.
XX may use an audience if it wants to pay the attention.
XX may use a postal scale if it wants to weigh parcels.
XX may use an ice crusher if it wants to crush ice up.
XX may use a smoke if it wants to inhale.
XX may use a baby cup if it wants to feed babies.
XX may use a coat hanger if it wants to hang up a coat.
XX may use a disk if it wants to change items.
XX may use a paperclip if it wants to keep papers together.
XX may use a time if it wants to let us know what we have to do.
XX may use a wash basket if it wants to throw away trash.
XX may use a pressure cooker if it wants to cook different types of food.
XX may use a bride if it wants to become married.
XX may use a peach if it wants to make peach pie.
XX may use a shaving foam if it wants to make shaving easier.
XX may use a nectarine if it wants to eat.
XX may use a pot if it wants to hold flowers.
XX may use a mail man if it wants to deliver mail.
XX may use a newspaper if it wants to read to find out the news.
XX may use a basket if it wants to carry things.
XX may use a microwave if it wants to heat up a frozen dish.
XX may use a coat rack if it wants to hang up clothes.
XX may use a highlighter if it wants to Mark on objects.
XX may use a toiler paper holder if it wants to hold the paper.
XX may use a caller id if it wants to see who is calling you.
XX may use a paper if it wants to write on.
XX may use an eggplant if it wants to feed the family.
XX may use a stereo if it wants to make noises.
XX may use a wax if it wants to melt.
XX may use a sharpener if it wants to sharpen something.
XX may use speakers if it wants to play a stereo recording.
XX may use a ring if it wants to make a hand look pretty.
XX may use a cold drink in refrigerator if it wants to quench a thirst.
XX may use instruments if it wants to read data.
XX may use a crabber if it wants to eat.
XX may use a hairbrush if it wants to comb the hair.
XX may use a dinner if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a clock if it wants to see hours.
XX may use a dusting cloth if it wants to remove dust from household items.
XX may use an entertainment center if it wants to watch the TV.
XX may use a bucket if it wants to carry water.
XX may use a baby bottle if it wants to feed the baby.
XX may use a cheeseburger if it wants to eat.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to throw out waste.
XX may use a tape dispenser if it wants to hold the tape.
XX may use a storm if it wants to make the rain.
XX may use a three pierce suit if it wants to dress nicely.
XX may use a controller if it wants to change the television channel.
XX may use balloons if it wants to celebrate.
XX may use a teacup if it wants to drink tea out of.
XX may use a microwave if it wants to cook and reheat food.
XX may use a cable if it wants to transmit information.
XX may use a trackball if it wants to move the curser.
XX may use a diaper bag if it wants to hold a baby's diapers.
XX may use a quilt if it wants to keep people warm.
XX may use a set of binoculars if it wants to see farther.
XX may use a blender if it wants to make drinks.
XX may use a file if it wants to hold papers.
XX may use hiking boots if it wants to walk in.
XX may use a potholder if it wants to keep from getting burnt.
XX may use a steering wheel if it wants to steer things.
XX may use tongs if it wants to pick up an object that is hot.
XX may use a video if it wants to entertain you.
XX may use a battery if it wants to power toys.
XX may use a jewel box if it wants to hold rings.
XX may use a disk drive if it wants to keep data.
XX may use a deck of cards if it wants to play games.
XX may use a music speakers if it wants to hear music.
XX may use a file cabinet if it wants to hold files.
XX may use a wallet if it wants to organize money.
XX may use a nail file if it wants to file nails so that they are smooth.
XX may use a bolt if it wants to hold two pieces of a structure together.
XX may use a table lamp if it wants to brighten up the room.
XX may use a lemon if it wants to enhance the flavor of iced tea.
XX may use a carpet protector if it wants to protect the rug.
XX may use a garbage bags if it wants to put garbage.
XX may use a towel if it wants to dry Oneself.
XX may use a playpen if it wants to keep a child in a particular area.
XX may use a can of paint if it wants to color the walls.
XX may use a sander if it wants to sand.
XX may use hiking boots if it wants to hike steep hills or mountains.
XX may use a lighter if it wants to create a flame.
XX may use a modem connection if it wants to connect to the internet.
XX may use a flame if it wants to provide the heat.
XX may use a kitchen stove if it wants to boil water.
XX may use a room if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a bar-b-que if it wants to cook meat.
XX may use branches if it wants to hold leaves to a tree.
XX may use a heat exchanger if it wants to heat things.
XX may use a hard hat if it wants to protect your head.
XX may use a parcel if it wants to mail.
XX may use a breeze if it wants to fly a kite.
XX may use roses if it wants to please a wife.
XX may use a bug if it wants to spy on people.
XX may use a toy box if it wants to hold toys.
XX may use a hat if it wants to keep your head warm.
XX may use a gate if it wants to protect.
XX may use a blade if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a lens if it wants to help people see more clearly.
XX may use a hair if it wants to make someone pretty.
XX may use drums if it wants to play the rhythm.
XX may use a soil if it wants to be walked on.
XX may use a cabinet door if it wants to open.
XX may use a bath if it wants to clean the body.
XX may use a computer display if it wants to read.
XX may use a cheese if it wants to eat with wine?.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to protect your feet.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to eat soup.
XX may use a reading desk if it wants to study.
XX may use a watermelon if it wants to eat.
XX may use a meat if it wants to feed the hunger.
XX may use a scrapbook if it wants to keep memories.
XX may use a bread if it wants to eat.
XX may use a dvd disk if it wants to watch.
XX may use a burlap sack if it wants to hold grain.
XX may use a hinge if it wants to hang doors so that they open smoothly.
XX may use an egg beater if it wants to beat an egg.
XX may use a pencil if it wants to sketch.
XX may use a copy machine if it wants to make copies.
XX may use a washing machine if it wants to wash dirty laundry.
XX may use a chocolate chip cookie if it wants to eat.
XX may use a salt if it wants to increase the taste.
XX may use shoes if it wants to walk in.
XX may use a butcher knife if it wants to cut large pieces of meat.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to keep the schedule.
XX may use a cabinet door if it wants to seal the cabinet.
XX may use a stamp if it wants to mail a letter.
XX may use a cereal bowl if it wants to eat food including cereal.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to call someone.
XX may use sunglasses if it wants to reduce sun to eyes.
XX may use a seasoning if it wants to add taste to food.
XX may use blades if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a sealing tape if it wants to seal packages.
XX may use a coffeecake if it wants to eat with coffee.
XX may use a flower in the pot if it wants to be grown.
XX may use a comb if it wants to make your hair neat.
XX may use a blacktop if it wants to pave a driveway.
XX may use a paint can if it wants to keep paint.
XX may use a gown if it wants to dress up.
XX may use a bush if it wants to grow the fruit.
XX may use a papaya if it wants to add flavour to dessert.
XX may use a baby swing if it wants to swing a baby.
XX may use an instrument if it wants to measure.
XX may use an air conditioning unit if it wants to cool Ari.
XX may use sunglasses if it wants to block sunlight.
XX may use a table for meal if it wants to eat off.
XX may use a counter if it wants to separate employee's from customers.
XX may use a spring if it wants to be bounced on.
XX may use a paper if it wants to make origami.
XX may use a sink stopper if it wants to stop water.
XX may use a shower rod if it wants to hold up the shower curtain.
XX may use a board if it wants to chop vegetables on.
XX may use a modem if it wants to connect to the web.
XX may use a kitchen range if it wants to cook.
XX may use an apple if it wants to eat.
XX may use a record if it wants to play.
XX may use a coat if it wants to put on if you are cold.
XX may use earrings if it wants to look fancy.
XX may use a network if it wants to broadcast a tv show.
XX may use a police officer if it wants to help the crime.
XX may use a tape cassette if it wants to listen to.
XX may use a novel if it wants to read from.
XX may use a credit card if it wants to charge things.
XX may use a cloth if it wants to clean up a mess.
XX may use a bible if it wants to read and sing holy songs.
XX may use tv shows if it wants to play shows.
XX may use a ball if it wants to catch.
XX may use a delivery truck if it wants to deliver.
XX may use a cup if it wants to hold tea.
XX may use a pipe if it wants to smoke the tobacco.
XX may use a melon if it wants to satisfy the hunger.
XX may use a television show if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a child if it wants to cry.
XX may use a freezer if it wants to keep things cold.
XX may use a beet if it wants to make a dish.
XX may use a sewing machine if it wants to sew clothes.
XX may use a pencil sharpener if it wants to make a dull pencil sharp.
XX may use a type writer if it wants to type words.
XX may use an artist if it wants to create the art.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to keep drinks cold.
XX may use a brunch if it wants to feed people.
XX may use a button of vcr if it wants to play the movie.
XX may use a clean glass if it wants to serve beverages.
XX may use a helium balloon if it wants to entertain at birthday parties.
XX may use a needle-nose plyers if it wants to reach tight places.
XX may use a leather binder if it wants to hold important papers.
XX may use a balloon if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a vcr cable if it wants to connect the vcr.
XX may use a counter if it wants to set things on.
XX may use a tubelight if it wants to illuminate.
XX may use a barbecue grill if it wants to cook on.
XX may use a coat hanger if it wants to hang things up.
XX may use a window blind if it wants to keep light in/out of the window.
XX may use a mailman if it wants to deliver mail.
XX may use a bat if it wants to hit a baseball with.
XX may use a toiler paper holder if it wants to provide convencience.
XX may use a filing cabinet if it wants to keep files in order.
XX may use a gym machine if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a gumball machine if it wants to give gumballs.
XX may use almonds if it wants to eat.
XX may use a laundary bag if it wants to keep laundry in.
XX may use dishes if it wants to store food.
XX may use a nail paint if it wants to paint nails.
XX may use a computer screen if it wants to display.
XX may use a rolling pin if it wants to roll dough.
XX may use a chocolate pudding if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a height scale if it wants to measure the height.
XX may use a restaurant number if it wants to eat food at.
XX may use an instrument if it wants to achieve something.
XX may use a dartboard if it wants to be thrown at.
XX may use a magazine if it wants to edify.
XX may use a crib if it wants to hold a sleeping baby.
XX may use a sword if it wants to kill.
XX may use a necklace if it wants to decorate the body.
XX may use a crayon if it wants to draw pictures on canvas.
XX may use a hand mirror if it wants to see your reflection.
XX may use a packing tape if it wants to seal boxes.
XX may use a disk if it wants to store images.
XX may use a flame if it wants to burn things.
XX may use a conditioner bottle if it wants to make your hair soft.
XX may use a dial tone if it wants to indicate that the phone line is functioning.
XX may use an overcoat if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a blouse if it wants to wear as women's clothing.
XX may use a stamp collection if it wants to be a hobby.
XX may use a utensil if it wants to eat food.
XX may use a desk lamp if it wants to emit enough light to read.
XX may use an ash tray if it wants to flick ash.
XX may use a ping-pong table if it wants to play ping pong on.
XX may use a glass if it wants to store liqud.
XX may use a car seat if it wants to keep a baby safe.
XX may use a bath tub if it wants to wash.
XX may use weights if it wants to measure the weight of things or to build muscle in the body.
XX may use a kid if it wants to bring out the garbage.
XX may use a car key if it wants to START a car.
XX may use a picture if it wants to decorate a room.
XX may use a rat if it wants to be a pest.
XX may use a soap if it wants to wash one's hands.
XX may use a tv channel if it wants to display various tv shows.
XX may use a book jacket if it wants to protect a hardcover book.
XX may use a soap bottle if it wants to dispense washing liquid.
XX may use a drum sticks if it wants to hit drums.
XX may use a videocassette rack if it wants to store tapes.
XX may use cosmetics if it wants to make yourself up.
XX may use a pipe if it wants to smoke tobacco out of.
XX may use a pan if it wants to bake things in the oven.
XX may use a seatbelt if it wants to protect the occupents of the car.
XX may use a cymbal if it wants to protect.
XX may use a tray if it wants to carry objects.
XX may use a walking stick if it wants to help a person walk.
XX may use an air conditioning duct if it wants to carry cool air.
XX may use a baby cup if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a lacquer if it wants to add shine to pottery.
XX may use a button if it wants to press.
XX may use french fries if it wants to be eaten as food.
XX may use a carpet protector if it wants to avoid wear to the carpet.
XX may use a garbage bin if it wants to put garbage in.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to put the trash.
XX may use a post office if it wants to mail things.
XX may use a fish if it wants to fuel humans as food or entertain them as pets.
XX may use a floor lamp if it wants to stay on the floor while emitting light.
XX may use a file organizer if it wants to stay organized.
XX may use a boxing bag if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a sealing tape if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use a writing pad if it wants to hold the paper.
XX may use a paper napkins if it wants to wipe the mouth.
XX may use a conmputer game if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a gumball if it wants to chew on.
XX may use a hot pad if it wants to protect a hand from a heated pot.
XX may use a game pad if it wants to play the game.
XX may use a sofa bed if it wants to sit and sleep.
XX may use a lemon if it wants to make the lemonade.
XX may use a damp rug if it wants to protect the floor.
XX may use a weight machine if it wants to weigh people.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to staple pages together.
XX may use a drain plug if it wants to stop up a drain.
XX may use a fabric softener if it wants to keep clothing soft after repeated washings.
XX may use a dust if it wants to make you sneeze.
XX may use a flower pot if it wants to plant flowers in.
XX may use a tyre if it wants to move a car.
XX may use a cabinet if it wants to contain items.
XX may use a soap container if it wants to store soap.
XX may use a cartoon if it wants to watch.
XX may use clothes if it wants to keep warm.
XX may use a shaver if it wants to cut whiskers.
XX may use a webcam if it wants to take pictures.
XX may use a cart if it wants to shop.
XX may use a mouth if it wants to eat.
XX may use a burlap sack if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a stove burner if it wants to heat up food.
XX may use a hearth if it wants to contain a fire.
XX may use a caller id if it wants to identify phone callers.
XX may use a dust-pan if it wants to collect the dust.
XX may use a dishwasher if it wants to clean dishes.
XX may use a sound if it wants to stimulate the ear.
XX may use a gown if it wants to wear.
XX may use a gown if it wants to wear to a dress party.
XX may use a key hook if it wants to hang keys from.
XX may use a lid if it wants to keep something closed.
XX may use a pair of chopsticks if it wants to grab food.
XX may use an air conditioning unit if it wants to cool a room.
XX may use a potato peeler if it wants to peel.
XX may use an installer if it wants to install a program.
XX may use an aspirin if it wants to relieve a headache.
XX may use a door if it wants to close and open entryways.
XX may use a doorway if it wants to pass through.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to eat the grapefruit.
XX may use papers if it wants to write a letter.
XX may use a mousepad if it wants to move a mouse over and protect it from dust.
XX may use a stork if it wants to bring babies.
XX may use a scorpion if it wants to sting.
XX may use a girl if it wants to have fun.
XX may use a vegetable if it wants to make one healthy.
XX may use a mop bucket if it wants to clean the floors.
XX may use a coke can if it wants to hold the coke.
XX may use a goblet if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a card playing if it wants to entertain guests.
XX may use a shelf if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a carpet if it wants to cover floors.
XX may use a pit if it wants to contain the dirt.
XX may use a baseball bat if it wants to hit the ball.
XX may use an egg yolk if it wants to make certain baked foods.
XX may use a recycling bin if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a record book if it wants to retain records.
XX may use a doorbell button if it wants to signal that someone has arrived.
XX may use a front door if it wants to protect people's privacy.
XX may use a magnifying lens if it wants to make text larger.
XX may use a lace if it wants to tie.
XX may use a lightswitch if it wants to turn a light on or off.
XX may use a cork if it wants to open botles.
XX may use a lamp shade if it wants to put light in a cerain area.
XX may use a bike if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a fireplace if it wants to burn wood in for heat.
XX may use a lightswitch if it wants to turn on or off a light.
XX may use a folder if it wants to store papers.
XX may use a baby basket if it wants to store babies.
XX may use a workbench if it wants to work on.
XX may use a birdhouse if it wants to house birds.
XX may use a fish if it wants to feed people.
XX may use a bicycle pump if it wants to inflate tires.
XX may use a vacuum cleaner if it wants to vacuum.
XX may use a doormat if it wants to wipe your feet.
XX may use a lemonade if it wants to quench the thirst.
XX may use socks if it wants to protect the feet.
XX may use an easel if it wants to hold a painting.
XX may use a computer cpu if it wants to compute.
XX may use a brochure if it wants to provide information.
XX may use a push pin if it wants to put something in place.
XX may use a bag if it wants to carry things.
XX may use a basin if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a paper holder if it wants to hold the paper.
XX may use binoculars if it wants to see far.
XX may use a dining room table if it wants to eat a meal off of.
XX may use an insulation ring if it wants to keep an air-tight seal.
XX may use a lightswitch if it wants to switch on the lights.
XX may use a book rack if it wants to hold books.
XX may use a cartoon if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a trap if it wants to enter exit a stage floor.
XX may use a frame if it wants to encase a painting's edges.
XX may use a lampshade if it wants to cover the bulb.
XX may use tweezers if it wants to become rid of hair.
XX may use a sheet music if it wants to note down music.
XX may use a cable box if it wants to store the cable.
XX may use a kitchen shelf if it wants to store kitchen utensils.
XX may use a magazine if it wants to learn current information.
XX may use boots if it wants to protect your feet.
XX may use a service call if it wants to help someone.
XX may use an ac if it wants to cool air.
XX may use a crock pot if it wants to cook food slowly.
XX may use a spring if it wants to bounce things.
XX may use a golf tee if it wants to play golf.
XX may use a rubber duckie if it wants to play with.
XX may use a preservative if it wants to keep food safe.
XX may use a plastic clamp if it wants to hold items together.
XX may use a washing basket if it wants to hold dirty clothes.
XX may use a coffee machine if it wants to make a coffee.
XX may use a farmer if it wants to raise animals.
XX may use a server if it wants to serve food items.
XX may use an ottoman if it wants to prop ones feet on.
XX may use a salt if it wants to season food.
XX may use a trackball if it wants to move the cursor on the screen.
XX may use musical instruments if it wants to make music.
XX may use a licence if it wants to show that you are capable.
XX may use a gingerbread cookie if it wants to serve at christmastime.
XX may use an index if it wants to keep track of everything.
XX may use a leash if it wants to restrain a pet.
XX may use preservatives if it wants to help food last longer.
XX may use an ice cube if it wants to cool water.
XX may use a business card if it wants to give to someone letting them know what type of business you are in.
XX may use dinner plates if it wants to serve dinner.
XX may use a jar if it wants to store pickles.
XX may use a coffee mug if it wants to hold hot coffee.
XX may use a chalkboard compass if it wants to draw with.
XX may use a pop can if it wants to contain pop.
XX may use a magnet if it wants to attract metal objects.
XX may use a truck if it wants to carry the loads.
XX may use a clothes dryer if it wants to dry the cloth.
XX may use a popcorn if it wants to be eaten as a snack.
XX may use an adapter if it wants to give more outlets.
XX may use a radiator if it wants to radiate.
XX may use a bike lock if it wants to secure a bike to a bike rack.
XX may use an extension plug if it wants to plug something into an outlet that is far away.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to screw things together.
XX may use a cotton if it wants to clean ears.
XX may use matches if it wants to light things.
XX may use a music if it wants to listen to songs.
XX may use a string of pearls if it wants to embellish.
XX may use a jewelry chest if it wants to hold jewelry.
XX may use a strawberry daiquiri if it wants to dress up desert.
XX may use a sauce pan if it wants to saute onions.
XX may use a candy bowl if it wants to serve Candy.
XX may use a salad trouser if it wants to make salad with.
XX may use a soft drink if it wants to refresh.
XX may use a skin if it wants to cover.
XX may use a duster if it wants to become rid of dust.
XX may use a bee if it wants to pollinate.
XX may use a garlic if it wants to make good food.
XX may use a webcam if it wants to view.
XX may use a server if it wants to entertain people of all ages.
XX may use a sprinkler nozzle if it wants to rain.
XX may use a dye if it wants to change the color of something.
XX may use a chain if it wants to lock things.
XX may use a controller if it wants to control.
XX may use a hay if it wants to feed horses.
XX may use a candy dish if it wants to hold candy for guests.
XX may use a helium balloon if it wants to celebrate an occasion.
XX may use a microwave oven if it wants to heat food.
XX may use a dishwasher if it wants to wash dishes.
XX may use a digital disc player if it wants to play and record.
XX may use a diaper if it wants to be worn by infants.
XX may use a chalk if it wants to write on slate.
XX may use a bowie pasta if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use an electric shaver if it wants to remove the hair.
XX may use a hinge if it wants to connect something.
XX may use a rocking chair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use a reception desk if it wants to answer any questions people may have.
XX may use a wicker chair if it wants to provide seating on a porch.
XX may use a shower room if it wants to shower in.
XX may use a stroller if it wants to take a baby for a walk.
XX may use a daiquiri if it wants to drink.
XX may use a toilet paper roll if it wants to wipe your bottom.
XX may use a party room if it wants to have a party.
XX may use a baby crib if it wants to put a baby to sleep in.
XX may use a dye if it wants to dye.
XX may use a paper pad if it wants to push down.
XX may use a table cloth if it wants to protect a table.
XX may use a vcd player if it wants to play videos.
XX may use a chess set if it wants to provide a mind stimulating game.
XX may use a pepper mill if it wants to distribute pepper.
XX may use a bathmat if it wants to dry one's feet.
XX may use a hay if it wants to provide bedding for the livestock.
XX may use a ballpoint pen if it wants to write with.
XX may use a cane if it wants to walk.
XX may use a gym bag if it wants to carry gym clothes.
XX may use a bow tie if it wants to make pasta.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to hold pictures.
XX may use a ketchup if it wants to add flavour to food.
XX may use a cutting board if it wants to chop VEGGIES.
XX may use an ornamental vase if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a ladder if it wants to climb.
XX may use a walkie talkie if it wants to communicate.
XX may use a biscuit if it wants to compliment tea.
XX may use a 3 prong plug if it wants to give electricity.
XX may use a champagne glass if it wants to toast people.
XX may use a shoe tree if it wants to maintain your shoes in a orderly fashion.
XX may use donuts if it wants to serve as refreshments.
XX may use a gravy ladle if it wants to serve the gravy.
XX may use a checkers board if it wants to play checkers.
XX may use a waste basket if it wants to receive the waste.
XX may use a jewelry box if it wants to keep jewels.
XX may use a ravioli if it wants to eat.
XX may use a spider if it wants to catch flies.
XX may use a nail if it wants to hold a picture.
XX may use a cabinet if it wants to store items.
XX may use a ruler if it wants to draw a straight line.
XX may use a computer if it wants to surf the web.
XX may use a kleenex box if it wants to store the kleenex.
XX may use a potted tree if it wants to water.
XX may use a lesson again and again if it wants to teach someone.
XX may use a metal box if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a skylight if it wants to light.
XX may use a snow if it wants to plow.
XX may use a toothpick holder if it wants to hold toothpicks.
XX may use a bow if it wants to show the respect.
XX may use an accordion if it wants to play.
XX may use scissors if it wants to cut thin objects.
XX may use a television if it wants to view tv shows.
XX may use a xbox if it wants to play video games.
XX may use a highlighter if it wants to indicate importance of a specific group of words in text.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to protect from the rain.
XX may use a lamp light if it wants to light the room.
XX may use a flame if it wants to provide light.
XX may use a drawing pad if it wants to draw things on.
XX may use a sheet if it wants to cover a matress.
XX may use a football if it wants to play.
XX may use a result if it wants to obtain the answer.
XX may use a pencil-case if it wants to store writing utensils.
XX may use a house if it wants to live in.
XX may use a card if it wants to play a game.
XX may use a pet bed if it wants to board pets.
XX may use a decanter if it wants to hold liquid.
XX may use a first aid box if it wants to keep supplies for treatment.
XX may use a mop bucket if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a cd collection if it wants to be kept.
XX may use a pair of baby's shoes if it wants to cover a baby's feet.
XX may use a tool box if it wants to hold tools.
XX may use a rifle if it wants to go hunting.
XX may use a mail if it wants to convey the message.
XX may use a cake if it wants to celebrate an event.
XX may use a golf club if it wants to play golf.
XX may use a poster if it wants to show a mesage.
XX may use an answering machine if it wants to accept incoming phone calls.
XX may use a microwave oven if it wants to heat things.
XX may use a mouse if it wants to control a computer.
XX may use sheets if it wants to go over the mattress.
XX may use a garbage can if it wants to carry the trash.
XX may use a dustpan if it wants to dust.
XX may use a sofaset if it wants to sit on and relax.
XX may use a bathroom if it wants to wash yourself.
XX may use a dice if it wants to gamble.
XX may use a kitchen stove if it wants to saute onions.
XX may use a pencil sharpener if it wants to sharpen pencils.
XX may use a stroller if it wants to take babies.
XX may use a water fountain if it wants to drink water from.
XX may use a walking cane if it wants to assist in walking.
XX may use a toast if it wants to make breakfast.
XX may use a newspaper if it wants to read.
XX may use a faucet washer if it wants to wash.
XX may use a cucumber if it wants to reduce puffiness around the eyes.
XX may use a telephone cord if it wants to allow talkign.
XX may use a sleeping bag if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a razorblade if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a cyclist if it wants to ride his bike.
XX may use a handset if it wants to replace a phone.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to fix things.
XX may use a countertop if it wants to decorate the kitchen.
XX may use a sofaset if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a berry if it wants to eat.
XX may use an album if it wants to listen to.
XX may use a tea if it wants to warm someone up.
XX may use a gum if it wants to be chewed.
XX may use tables if it wants to place things on.
XX may use a video game system if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a baby highchair if it wants to seat a baby.
XX may use a zip drive if it wants to put into a computer.
XX may use a dentist if it wants to fill cavities.
XX may use musical instruments if it wants to play music.
XX may use a flag if it wants to symbolize beliefs.
XX may use a lamp light if it wants to provide light.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to warm up liquids.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to eat soup.
XX may use a call bell if it wants to summon someone.
XX may use a twine if it wants to entwine.
XX may use a mirror if it wants to reflect light.
XX may use a crib if it wants to confine babies.
XX may use a toilet scrubber if it wants to clean the toilet.
XX may use an ink if it wants to write.
XX may use a table tennis table if it wants to play table tennis.
XX may use a shampoo bottle if it wants to clean the hair.
XX may use a lever if it wants to level things.
XX may use a bib if it wants to protect baby's clothes.
XX may use a page protector if it wants to prevent the damage.
XX may use a ketchup if it wants to flavor food.
XX may use a window panes if it wants to close a window.
XX may use a fire sprinkler if it wants to spray water.
XX may use an ice crusher if it wants to crush ice.
XX may use an alarm clock if it wants to wake a sleeping person.
XX may use a quarter if it wants to buy something.
XX may use a time clock if it wants to tell time.
XX may use a television if it wants to watch the news.
XX may use a waitress if it wants to become orders.
XX may use a measuring spoon if it wants to measure out defined amounts of material.
XX may use a portable gas cooking stove if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a shower bar if it wants to take a shower.
XX may use a food if it wants to be eaten when hungry.
XX may use a baby basket if it wants to put diapers in it.
XX may use a table cover if it wants to protect the table.
XX may use a hamper if it wants to hold dirty clothes.
XX may use a bin if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a skylight if it wants to enhance room lighting.
XX may use a costume party if it wants to have fun.
XX may use a saucer if it wants to hold a tes cup.
XX may use a jar if it wants to contain the stuff.
XX may use a fragrance if it wants to make someone smell good.
XX may use a cooler if it wants to keep drinks and food cold.
XX may use a cake if it wants to bake.
XX may use a bicycle if it wants to ride.
XX may use a handset if it wants to talk.
XX may use a spice if it wants to make food taste better.
XX may use an air conditioner if it wants to cool.
XX may use a voice of others if it wants to help make dicisions.
XX may use an electric kitchen range if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a sweater if it wants to wear when you are cold.
XX may use a wine bottle if it wants to hold and carry wine.
XX may use an ice cube tray if it wants to make ice cubes.
XX may use gloves if it wants to keep hands warm during cold weather.
XX may use a diaper rash cream if it wants to cure the baby's rash.
XX may use a puncture if it wants to deflate a tire.
XX may use a stopper if it wants to close a bottle.
XX may use an exam if it wants to test.
XX may use a cafe latte if it wants to drink.
XX may use a piano bench if it wants to sit at the piano on.
XX may use a directory if it wants to find a phone number.
XX may use a dining room hutch if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a plumber if it wants to clear pipes.
XX may use a cushion mattress if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a snack if it wants to stop the hunger.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean yourself.
XX may use a set of knives if it wants to cut food.
XX may use a note pads if it wants to write now memo's or reminders.
XX may use a piece of ham if it wants to make a ham sandwich.
XX may use a cake if it wants to eat.
XX may use a player if it wants to play games.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to construct objects with screws.
XX may use a stove coil if it wants to heat the element.
XX may use a sound if it wants to alert someone.
XX may use a coffee cup if it wants to drink.
XX may use a water if it wants to drink.
XX may use a winter coat if it wants to cover a person's body.
XX may use a door if it wants to close a room.
XX may use a lighter if it wants to light a candle.
XX may use a blower if it wants to clean up the leaves.
XX may use a pearl necklace if it wants to wear with clothes.
XX may use a valve if it wants to open and close a water faucet.
XX may use an easel if it wants to sculpt.
XX may use a 3 hole punch if it wants to punch.
XX may use a light fixture if it wants to hold a light bulb.
XX may use a disk if it wants to store files.
XX may use a bowie pasta if it wants to sustain life/.
XX may use french fries if it wants to serve as a side dish.
XX may use a paintbrush if it wants to paint with.
XX may use a computer if it wants to check email.
XX may use a network hub if it wants to regulate network traffic in an office or multiple computer interface.
XX may use a game if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a ceiling light if it wants to brighten the room.
XX may use jeans if it wants to wash.
XX may use an appliance if it wants to run.
XX may use a discman if it wants to play music.
XX may use a cable modem if it wants to surf the internet.
XX may use a birthday if it wants to celebrate someone's date of birth.
XX may use a magnifier if it wants to magnify things.
XX may use a page protector if it wants to keep the paper dry.
XX may use a name plate if it wants to identify.
XX may use a candle if it wants to provide light when there is no electricity.
XX may use an amplifier if it wants to make things louder.
XX may use a lamp shade if it wants to diffuse lamp light.
XX may use a voice mail if it wants to retain voices.
XX may use an antiseptic if it wants to needle.
XX may use an ear-ring if it wants to dress up an outfit.
XX may use a pool table if it wants to play pool on.
XX may use a hair if it wants to brush.
XX may use a shower rod if it wants to hold the shower curtain up.
XX may use a rice if it wants to consume.
XX may use a yarn if it wants to knit a sweater.
XX may use a watering tool if it wants to water.
XX may use a vcr if it wants to play movies.
XX may use a mothball if it wants to repel moths.
XX may use a cell phone charging cord if it wants to charge a cell phone.
XX may use a soap if it wants to wash yourself.
XX may use a power adapter if it wants to regulate the voltage.
XX may use a drumstick if it wants to play the drums.
XX may use a carseat if it wants to preserve your safety.
XX may use an infant if it wants to take care of.
XX may use a tackle box if it wants to store the tackle.
XX may use a pot of coffee if it wants to stay awake.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to keep one from getting wet.
XX may use a spoon if it wants to eat halved grapefruit.
XX may use a lotion if it wants to moisturize.
XX may use a note dispenser if it wants to hold noted.
XX may use folders if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to store data.
XX may use a pen if it wants to write a letter.
XX may use a bicycle pump if it wants to pump air.
XX may use a basket ball if it wants to play with.
XX may use a relative if it wants to love.
XX may use a bulletin board if it wants to post written messages.
XX may use a recycle bin if it wants to hold items to be recycled.
XX may use contacts if it wants to help your vision.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to find information.
XX may use a table cover if it wants to cover tables.
XX may use a changing station if it wants to change items.
XX may use a sofa bed if it wants to sleep upon.
XX may use a window cleaner if it wants to clean windows and glass surfaces.
XX may use a metal if it wants to make something strong.
XX may use a carton if it wants to store books.
XX may use a jewelry chest if it wants to put costume jewelry in.
XX may use a bow tie if it wants to dress up.
XX may use a server if it wants to serve people.
XX may use a garbage bag if it wants to take out the trash.
XX may use a cranberry juice if it wants to drink.
XX may use a lid of the can if it wants to keep the contents of the can inside.
XX may use a furnace if it wants to heat.
XX may use a flag if it wants to show the patriotism.
XX may use a pestle if it wants to grind spices.
XX may use a toilet paper if it wants to clean.
XX may use a laundry soap if it wants to wash the laundry with.
XX may use a bathroom shower if it wants to clean Oneself.
XX may use a bib if it wants to catch spills.
XX may use a zip drive if it wants to read zip disks.
XX may use a sharpener if it wants to make something shaper.
XX may use a health center if it wants to become shots for the flu.
XX may use a ping pong table if it wants to play on.
XX may use a dog dish if it wants to feed the dog.
XX may use stamps if it wants to stick on letters.
XX may use a hat rack if it wants to hang hats on.
XX may use a pretzels with butter if it wants to eat.
XX may use a headboard if it wants to lay your head.
XX may use an elastic band if it wants to hold long hair back.
XX may use an automobile if it wants to drive people to destinations.
XX may use a saline solution if it wants to make things with.
XX may use a shower if it wants to clean your body.
XX may use a toothpaste if it wants to brush teeth with.
XX may use a reservation if it wants to reserve.
XX may use a guitar cover if it wants to protect the guitar.
XX may use a magazine rack if it wants to hold magazines.
XX may use a toy if it wants to keep children amused.
XX may use a mirror cover if it wants to cover the mirror.
XX may use a saw if it wants to cut up firewood.
XX may use a ping pong table if it wants to play ping pong.
XX may use a post-it-note if it wants to post notes.
XX may use a puzzle if it wants to stimulate the mind.
XX may use a body if it wants to move around.
XX may use a duffle bag if it wants to carry items.
XX may use a stove if it wants to heat things in.
XX may use a milk if it wants to feed children.
XX may use an ink if it wants to write with.
XX may use a laptop case if it wants to carry a laptop.
XX may use a network if it wants to control computers.
XX may use a phone book if it wants to read.
XX may use a song if it wants to sing.
XX may use a bee if it wants to create the honey.
XX may use a music folio if it wants to store songs.
XX may use a soap container if it wants to put soap in.
XX may use a food can if it wants to eat.
XX may use chairs if it wants to sit and relax.
XX may use jeans if it wants to wear.
XX may use a rattle if it wants to make the noise.
XX may use a coffee if it wants to drink.
XX may use a playroom if it wants to play games in.
XX may use a match if it wants to become the fire.
XX may use a metal box if it wants to keep jewellry.
XX may use a saw if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a flute if it wants to play music.
XX may use an armchair if it wants to rest on.
XX may use a telephone if it wants to talk.
XX may use a hair if it wants to cover the head.
XX may use a gun if it wants to shoot bullets.
XX may use a bedside table if it wants to place a alarm clock on.
XX may use a cereal if it wants to feed Oneself.
XX may use a wall painting if it wants to express feelings.
XX may use a hand truck if it wants to play with.
XX may use a protractor if it wants to solve math problmes.
XX may use potatoes if it wants to cook.
XX may use a salad bar if it wants to have salad.
XX may use a tank-top if it wants to stay cool in hot weather.
XX may use a woolen clothes if it wants to wear.
XX may use a nickel if it wants to pay with.
XX may use napkins if it wants to wipe stains.
XX may use a ledger if it wants to keep accounting records.
XX may use a filing box if it wants to file stuff in.
XX may use a player if it wants to complete.
XX may use a ledger entries if it wants to read.
XX may use an album if it wants to hold photographs.
XX may use a muffin if it wants to eat.
XX may use a storage box if it wants to hold items.
XX may use a shoe lace if it wants to tie the shoe.
XX may use a file organizer if it wants to hold documents.
XX may use a sink if it wants to brush teeth.
XX may use a magazine rack if it wants to put various magazines in.
XX may use a mouse trap if it wants to trap mice.
XX may use a ruler if it wants to measure.
XX may use an air vent if it wants to air out the room.
XX may use spectacles if it wants to improve the eyesight.
XX may use a scotch tape if it wants to attach things.
XX may use a baseball glove if it wants to catch baseballs.
XX may use a code if it wants to guard the access.
XX may use a potted plant if it wants to make things look nice.
XX may use a love seat if it wants to cuddle on.
XX may use a pet cage if it wants to keep a pet.
XX may use a hair dryer if it wants to straighten wavy hair.
XX may use a carrot if it wants to add color to a salad.
XX may use a wine if it wants to drink.
XX may use a fish bowl if it wants to keep the fish.
XX may use a breeze if it wants to keep people cool.
XX may use a lettuce head if it wants to make a salad.
XX may use a highchair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use an oil can if it wants to hold oil.
XX may use a yard if it wants to play in.
XX may use an exercise machine if it wants to lose weight and tone muscle.
XX may use a high chair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use a needle nose pliers if it wants to extract something small.
XX may use a rag if it wants to clean your car.
XX may use an inkjet printer if it wants to print the stuff.
XX may use a stamp if it wants to send mail.
XX may use a railing if it wants to provide the safety.
XX may use a burrito if it wants to eat.
XX may use a snack if it wants to eat.
XX may use a lotion dispenser if it wants to store the lotion.
XX may use a letter if it wants to mail.
XX may use a bucket if it wants to transport a substance.
XX may use a cleaning rag if it wants to clean.
XX may use a nail polish if it wants to decorate  a nail.
XX may use a camera if it wants to capture moments.
XX may use a container if it wants to keep food in.
XX may use a strainer if it wants to take water out.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to keep rain off.
XX may use pins if it wants to hold things up.
XX may use a movie poster if it wants to promote movies.
XX may use a space heater if it wants to heat things.
XX may use a blender if it wants to mix liquids.
XX may use branches if it wants to grow the fruit.
XX may use a habit if it wants to shape a person's personality.
XX may use a mixing bowl if it wants to cook.
XX may use a coaster if it wants to have glasses sit on them so they wont ruin coffee tables.
XX may use speakers if it wants to produce the sound.
XX may use wires if it wants to connect something to make it work.
XX may use a money if it wants to purchase items.
XX may use a pill if it wants to assist in health.
XX may use notes if it wants to help the study.
XX may use a car seat if it wants to hold a person in a car.
XX may use an electricity if it wants to power a room.
XX may use a shaving cream if it wants to soften the hair.
XX may use a necklace if it wants to accent an outfit.
XX may use a toy bricks if it wants to play.
XX may use a swimsuit if it wants to help sunbathe.
XX may use a hairbrush if it wants to brush the hair.
XX may use a soap if it wants to wash away dirt.
XX may use a compass if it wants to guide your way.
XX may use a saucepan if it wants to make the sauce.
XX may use a bicycle if it wants to ride.
XX may use a gaming wheel if it wants to spin.
XX may use an eggplant if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a money bank if it wants to store coins.
XX may use a zip drive if it wants to store information.
XX may use a drum if it wants to keep the beat.
XX may use a cord if it wants to plug an applicance into electrical outlet.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to keep track of.
XX may use a steel sink if it wants to store dishes.
XX may use a blower if it wants to clean up leaves.
XX may use a ledger if it wants to record information.
XX may use a workbench if it wants to build objects.
XX may use a hole punch if it wants to make holes.
XX may use a textbook if it wants to study.
XX may use a garbage disposal if it wants to grind food waste.
XX may use a car keys if it wants to START up a car and go for a ride.
XX may use a clothes dryer if it wants to clean the clothing.
XX may use a globe if it wants to find places in the world.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to protect your foot.
XX may use a bookcase if it wants to organize books.
XX may use a visitor eye hole if it wants to see who is at the door.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to staple papers.
XX may use a video recorder if it wants to watch tapes.
XX may use a coat if it wants to keep a person warm.
XX may use a boxing bag if it wants to practice punching.
XX may use a computer files disks if it wants to store data.
XX may use a briefcase if it wants to store papers and work material.
XX may use a cream if it wants to put in your coffee.
XX may use a telephone if it wants to talk on.
XX may use an air conditioning duct if it wants to transport air in order to cool or heat rooms.
XX may use a pen sharpener if it wants to sharpen pencils.
XX may use a checkers board if it wants to play games.
XX may use a circuit if it wants to conduct electricity.
XX may use a printer if it wants to create hard copies of digital documents.
XX may use an artificial plant to others if it wants to decorate with.
XX may use a bookmark if it wants to keep one's place in a book.
XX may use shoes if it wants to protect your feet when you walk.
XX may use a three piece suit if it wants to dress up nicely.
XX may use a shirt if it wants to be worn.
XX may use a map if it wants to find your way.
XX may use a bird house if it wants to feed wild birds.
XX may use a food can if it wants to store food.
XX may use a potted tree if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a manual if it wants to become instructions.
XX may use a beanbag chair if it wants to sit in the living room.
XX may use a grocery if it wants to buy food.
XX may use pickles if it wants to put on a sandwich.
XX may use a salad if it wants to eat healthy.
XX may use an easter egg if it wants to give as an easter gift.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to staple.
XX may use a wedge of cheese if it wants to eat.
XX may use a licence if it wants to identify.
XX may use a clothes horse if it wants to hang up clothes.
XX may use a coat-hanger if it wants to hang clothes.
XX may use a coal if it wants to burn.
XX may use a coffee if it wants to give a dose of caffeine.
XX may use a hose if it wants to water the lawn.
XX may use a rocking horse if it wants to rock back and forth.
XX may use a lawn mower if it wants to trim grass.
XX may use a paper pad if it wants to draw on.
XX may use a garden hose if it wants to wash the car.
XX may use a bicyclist if it wants to transport packages.
XX may use a bow if it wants to shoot arrows.
XX may use a memo if it wants to remember something.
XX may use a garbage disposal if it wants to throw the trash.
XX may use a thermos if it wants to keep liquids hot.
XX may use a sheet if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a cat if it wants to provide the companionship.
XX may use a changing table if it wants to change diapers.
XX may use an oil if it wants to cook in.
XX may use a plyers if it wants to fix something.
XX may use a microphone if it wants to record sounds.
XX may use a bathroom sink if it wants to wash hands in.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to put a picture in it and hold it.
XX may use blocks if it wants to play with.
XX may use a cloth line if it wants to hang clothes.
XX may use a tea towel if it wants to wipe tea.
XX may use a sheet if it wants to cover a bed.
XX may use a sticky notes if it wants to write notes on.
XX may use a sink stopper if it wants to stop the sink.
XX may use a scotch tape if it wants to wrap a gift.
XX may use a potato peeler if it wants to remove the skin.
XX may use a book shelf if it wants to hold books neatly.
XX may use an ashtray if it wants to store ash.
XX may use a bench if it wants to sit.
XX may use stairs if it wants to go up.
XX may use a videocassette rack if it wants to store cassettes.
XX may use a bike seat if it wants to ride a bike.
XX may use a carton if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a telephone cord if it wants to connect a phone to a socket.
XX may use a baby food jar if it wants to store the nourishment.
XX may use a battery if it wants to provide mobile power.
XX may use a mop with clean water if it wants to clean the floor.
XX may use a baby seat if it wants to seat a child.
XX may use an indoor plant if it wants to provide the decoration.
XX may use a yearbook if it wants to remember the past year.
XX may use a floss if it wants to clean your teeth.
XX may use a bra if it wants to wear.
XX may use an electrician if it wants to install electronics.
XX may use a writing pad if it wants to record.
XX may use notes if it wants to take messages.
XX may use a tea kettle if it wants to cook tea in.
XX may use a camera if it wants to take someone's picture.
XX may use a diaper if it wants to contain a baby's waste products.
XX may use a doorknob if it wants to move a door.
XX may use a CD DRIVE if it wants to play the CD.
XX may use flowers if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a visor if it wants to shield eyes from sun.
XX may use a duct tape if it wants to attach objects together.
XX may use a vanity unit if it wants to apply the makeup.
XX may use a sugar can if it wants to store sugar.
XX may use an elastic band if it wants to tie things together.
XX may use dinner plates if it wants to eat.
XX may use an air conditioner if it wants to control the temperature.
XX may use a rose if it wants to beautify a room.
XX may use a beetle killer if it wants to destroy.
XX may use a wrist guard if it wants to protect bones.
XX may use a bottle if it wants to drink out of.
XX may use a briefcase if it wants to hold papers.
XX may use a stand if it wants to hold music.
XX may use a saucepan if it wants to cook soup in.
XX may use a camera if it wants to take PHOTOS.
XX may use pizzas if it wants to nourish a person.
XX may use a stamp marking machine if it wants to cancel the postage.
XX may use a lamp fixture if it wants to light the room.
XX may use a truck if it wants to drive thigs to a location.
XX may use a thumb tack if it wants to hold up things.
XX may use a water dish if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a game controller if it wants to play games.
XX may use a safety pads if it wants to protect.
XX may use a basket of dirty clothes if it wants to be cleaned.
XX may use a curtain rod if it wants to hang a curtain.
XX may use a tap if it wants to pour water.
XX may use a hotdog in bun if it wants to feed the hungry while outdoors.
XX may use a yarn if it wants to amuse a cat.
XX may use a dish detergent if it wants to clean and sanitize eating and cooking utensils.
XX may use a video recorder if it wants to record movies.
XX may use a mailcart if it wants to hold mail while it is being delivered.
XX may use a recliner if it wants to sit.
XX may use a yo-yo if it wants to pass the time with.
XX may use a cracker if it wants to eat.
XX may use a cantaloupe if it wants to make the fruit salad.
XX may use a play room if it wants to provide a safe place for children to play.
XX may use a log if it wants to keep records.
XX may use a teacup if it wants to serve tea.
XX may use a stencil if it wants to draw.
XX may use a steel box if it wants to hold something of value.
XX may use a shampoo if it wants to wash the hair.
XX may use a hole punch if it wants to make a hole.
XX may use a phone jack if it wants to connect the phone to for reception.
XX may use an air conditioner if it wants to cool a room.
XX may use a blender if it wants to mix a drink.
XX may use a volume control if it wants to control loudness.
XX may use a guitar amplifier if it wants to make sound for an electric guitar.
XX may use a first aid box if it wants to give the medical care.
XX may use stamps if it wants to stamp.
XX may use a pager if it wants to notify.
XX may use a disk if it wants to hold information.
XX may use a lens if it wants to magnify or focus.
XX may use a scarf if it wants to wrap around a part of a person's body, typically the neck, to keep the person warm.
XX may use a bunk bed if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a range if it wants to practice shooting.
XX may use a bottle cap if it wants to close a bottle.
XX may use a tank if it wants to hold liquid.
XX may use a beer if it wants to become the drunk.
XX may use a cd contents if it wants to listen to music.
XX may use a table legs if it wants to make the table stand.
XX may use a birthday cake if it wants to celebrate.
XX may use a step stool if it wants to step on.
XX may use a windbreaker if it wants to break the wind.
XX may use a garbage from the dust bin if it wants to throw out.
XX may use a paper-pad if it wants to write notes on.
XX may use a tennis shoe if it wants to protect the feet when playing tennis.
XX may use a tablet pc if it wants to be a portable computer.
XX may use a dining room hutch if it wants to store food.
XX may use a staple if it wants to pin papers together.
XX may use a glassware if it wants to hold liquid.
XX may use a travel guide if it wants to provide information about an area.
XX may use a pepper if it wants to add the taste.
XX may use a range if it wants to cook.
XX may use flowers if it wants to decorate the yard.
XX may use a phone number if it wants to call people.
XX may use a computer if it wants to house computer parts and componanats.
XX may use a band-aid if it wants to heal wounds.
XX may use a match box if it wants to store matches.
XX may use a waffle if it wants to eat.
XX may use a disk if it wants to play computer games.
XX may use a steak if it wants to eat with a1 sauce.
XX may use a postman if it wants to mail packages.
XX may use speakers if it wants to play audio.
XX may use a gate if it wants to keep pets inside.
XX may use a heater if it wants to warm an surrounding area.
XX may use a frontyard if it wants to grow flowers and trees.
XX may use a mom if it wants to help you through life.
XX may use an electric shaver if it wants to shave facial hair.
XX may use a food item if it wants to prevent the hunger.
XX may use a fire alarm if it wants to alert everyone to a fire.
XX may use a coaster if it wants to hold a drink.
XX may use a fork if it wants to pick up food.
XX may use a fish tank if it wants to store the fish.
XX may use a pepper mill if it wants to grind pepper corns.
XX may use an axe if it wants to chop down a tree.
XX may use a shopping basket if it wants to carry products.
XX may use a dining table if it wants to eat meals.
XX may use a doorbell button if it wants to alert people that someone is at the door.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to find something on the internet.
XX may use a handset if it wants to communicate through.
XX may use a postman if it wants to deliver.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to open various objects.
XX may use a camera if it wants to spy.
XX may use a rubber band if it wants to tie a bag.
XX may use shoes if it wants to cover your feet.
XX may use a wrist guard if it wants to protect the wrist.
XX may use a dustpan if it wants to sweep up the dirt.
XX may use an easter egg if it wants to open.
XX may use a power adapter if it wants to adapt power.
XX may use a hand if it wants to shake.
XX may use a toy car if it wants to entertain children.
XX may use a street if it wants to direct the traffic.
XX may use a glove if it wants to keep a person's hand warm.
XX may use a button if it wants to close a shirt.
XX may use a paper clip if it wants to hold papers together.
XX may use a spool if it wants to hold the thread.
XX may use a potted tree if it wants to plant it.
XX may use a toilet if it wants to go to the bathroom.
XX may use cleaner if it wants to become rid of dirt.
XX may use a meat grinder if it wants to grind solid meat.
XX may use a lego if it wants to play.
XX may use a sand if it wants to make sand castles.
XX may use a mail if it wants to fill mailboxes.
XX may use pillows if it wants to sleep soundly on.
XX may use a washer and dryer if it wants to dry the clothing.
XX may use a handle if it wants to aid in opening something.
XX may use a candle holder if it wants to hold a candle.
XX may use sunglasses if it wants to protect the eyes.
XX may use a page if it wants to hold information.
XX may use a beer if it wants to drink beer.
XX may use a toilet roll if it wants to wipe.
XX may use a bowl if it wants to hold food.
XX may use dinner plates if it wants to serve food on.
XX may use a video game if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a button if it wants to push.
XX may use a salad fork if it wants to mix salad and dressing.
XX may use a pole if it wants to support growing beans.
XX may use a tape if it wants to record someone's voice.
XX may use a peanut if it wants to feed.
XX may use a frying pan if it wants to cook bacon.
XX may use a telephone cord if it wants to send messages.
XX may use a computer joystick if it wants to play.
XX may use a lever if it wants to pull.
XX may use a memory card if it wants to hold data.
XX may use a bedside lamp if it wants to light a small area.
XX may use a cable service if it wants to provide access to cable tv.
XX may use a rat if it wants to play with.
XX may use a gaming wheel if it wants to steer.
XX may use a loaf of bread in refrigerator if it wants to make a sandwich.
XX may use a bedsheet if it wants to cover a bed.
XX may use a laundary bag if it wants to carry clothes.
XX may use a campfire if it wants to make smores.
XX may use a scale if it wants to weigh something.
XX may use a worksation if it wants to send e-mails.
XX may use a counter top if it wants to make food.
XX may use a baby seat if it wants to keep a baby safe during a car ride.
XX may use a pitchfork if it wants to shovel hay.
XX may use a telephone book if it wants to look up numbers.
XX may use a wall calendar if it wants to write down important things that are scheduled for a specific time and day and to keep track of what.
XX may use a power failure if it wants to make you angry.
XX may use a wood chisel if it wants to chisel wood.
XX may use a hammer if it wants to hit things.
XX may use lights if it wants to see in the dark.
XX may use a bike helmet if it wants to protect the head from injuries.
XX may use a television set if it wants to watch the TV.
XX may use a plumbing pipe if it wants to connect water to a faucet.
XX may use a potato press if it wants to squeeze potatoes.
XX may use flowers if it wants to help a plant reproduce.
XX may use disks if it wants to copy information.
XX may use blades if it wants to cut things with.
XX may use a pencil-case if it wants to store.
XX may use a manual if it wants to learn to use things.
XX may use a flower if it wants to decorate the room.
XX may use a human if it wants to talk to.
XX may use a garlic if it wants to add the flavour.
XX may use a gun if it wants to shoot people.
XX may use a band if it wants to tie things together.
XX may use a metal box if it wants to store things.
XX may use an armoire if it wants to store the clothing.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to stay dry in the rain.
XX may use a preservative if it wants to keep food fresh.
XX may use a napkin holder if it wants to hold napkins.
XX may use a jack in the box if it wants to play with.
XX may use a fire extingiusher if it wants to terminate flames.
XX may use a golf tee if it wants to set up a golf ball.
XX may use a cap if it wants to close a milk carton.
XX may use a pillow if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a nail clipper if it wants to cut your toenails.
XX may use a check book if it wants to pay for things.
XX may use dolls if it wants to entertain a child.
XX may use a handheld computer if it wants to hold data portably.
XX may use a child if it wants to raise.
XX may use a backpack if it wants to hold books.
XX may use a banana if it wants to eat.
XX may use a boy if it wants to climb in small areas.
XX may use a tuxedo if it wants to go to a wedding.
XX may use a telephone number if it wants to dial.
XX may use a discman if it wants to play CDS.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to produce a display.
XX may use a key hook if it wants to hold a key.
XX may use a beeper if it wants to alert a person of an emergency.
XX may use a phone if it wants to communicate with others.
XX may use earrings if it wants to accessorize an outfit.
XX may use an ammunition if it wants to shoot.
XX may use a jam if it wants to spread on bread.
XX may use a band if it wants to play music with instruments.
XX may use a first aid box if it wants to help people.
XX may use a can of greenbeans if it wants to preserve beans.
XX may use a garage if it wants to store cars.
XX may use flowers if it wants to brighten a room.
XX may use a stamp pad if it wants to stamp.
XX may use a baby sleep if it wants to make the baby sleep.
XX may use a serving spoons if it wants to serve stuff with.
XX may use a wheelchair if it wants to ride.
XX may use a moth if it wants to annoy people.
XX may use dimmer if it wants to lessen and raise the light level.
XX may use a computer if it wants to compute.
XX may use a chicken meat if it wants to make soup.
XX may use a candle if it wants to light an area.
XX may use a gravy if it wants to pour over mashed potatoes.
XX may use a blackjack table if it wants to gamble.
XX may use a kid if it wants to make noises.
XX may use a suitcase if it wants to carry things.
XX may use a blanket if it wants to warm.
XX may use a rolodex if it wants to keep information organized.
XX may use a pet cage if it wants to keep a pet in.
XX may use a liquid if it wants to hydrate.
XX may use an eraser if it wants to erase.
XX may use a paper if it wants to write things down on.
XX may use a chain links if it wants to form a chain.
XX may use a preservative if it wants to keep packaged food from spoiling quicly.
XX may use an ink blotter if it wants to dry ink on a document.
XX may use a curio cabinet if it wants to display collectibles.
XX may use an inkwell if it wants to ink things.
XX may use a cheque if it wants to cash.
XX may use a baby bottle if it wants to feed babies.
XX may use a museum if it wants to hold art exhibits.
XX may use a movie dvd if it wants to watch movies.
XX may use a rocking horse if it wants to entertain children.
XX may use a statue if it wants to worship.
XX may use a television cart if it wants to carry the TV.
XX may use a pie crust if it wants to make the pie.
XX may use a pieces of glass if it wants to throw away.
XX may use a toilet paper if it wants to wipe the bottom.
XX may use a wrench if it wants to fix something.
XX may use a shower curtain if it wants to protect the floor.
XX may use a dog bone if it wants to feed the dog.
XX may use a riddle if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a hole puncher if it wants to punch holes.
XX may use a robot if it wants to assist.
XX may use a footboard if it wants to support the feet.
XX may use a xerox if it wants to copy things.
XX may use a salt if it wants to flavor food.
XX may use a sprinkler nozzle if it wants to spray watter.
XX may use a sander if it wants to sand surfaces.
XX may use a barbeque grill if it wants to grill things on.
XX may use a power source if it wants to become power.
XX may use a dust rag if it wants to clean.
XX may use a toilet paper if it wants to clean things.
XX may use a box if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a plasma screen tv if it wants to watch the television.
XX may use a lawn mower if it wants to cut the grass when it gets tall.
XX may use a toolkit if it wants to keep tools in.
XX may use a side dish if it wants to eat on the side.
XX may use a skylight if it wants to illuminate a room.
XX may use a bongo if it wants to make beats.
XX may use branches if it wants to grow leaves on.
XX may use a swing if it wants to swing.
XX may use a dining chair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use an aspirin if it wants to take for a headache.
XX may use a soup if it wants to feed people.
XX may use a puzzle pieces if it wants to put together a puzzle.
XX may use a plyers if it wants to twist things.
XX may use a wall mirror if it wants to look at.
XX may use a kitten if it wants to make a child happy.
XX may use a chalk if it wants to write on the chalkboard wtih.
XX may use a shipping box if it wants to mail an object.
XX may use a copy right if it wants to protect the ownership.
XX may use a digital disc player if it wants to record.
XX may use a rum if it wants to party.
XX may use a gravy bowl if it wants to hold the gravy.
XX may use an egg yolk if it wants to eat.
XX may use a dinner if it wants to make a hungry person full.
XX may use a network hub if it wants to connect servers.
XX may use clothes if it wants to wear in the different seasons.
XX may use a combination lock if it wants to protect items which have value.
XX may use a towel holder if it wants to hold towels.
XX may use a venetian blinds if it wants to block sunlight.
XX may use a boxing bag if it wants to punch and train.
XX may use binders if it wants to keep organized.
XX may use a string if it wants to attach to a yo yo.
XX may use a disk virus if it wants to destroy a computer.
XX may use a cereal box if it wants to hold cereal.
XX may use a computer if it wants to write papers.
XX may use an air conditioning unit if it wants to cool a house.
XX may use a 3 prong plug if it wants to insert into the outlet.
XX may use a waffle iron if it wants to cook waffles.
XX may use a shoe if it wants to protect the feet.
XX may use a cough syrup if it wants to treat coughs.
XX may use a clothes line if it wants to dry the clothing.
XX may use a seatbelt if it wants to protect people.
XX may use a money in the safe if it wants to be locked up.
XX may use bacteria if it wants to kill other bacteria.
XX may use a sheet music if it wants to read notes.
XX may use a steam cooker if it wants to cook vegetables.
XX may use a dog if it wants to be a pet.
XX may use a paper towel if it wants to clean up.
XX may use a check book if it wants to store checks.
XX may use a musical instrument if it wants to play music.
XX may use a newspaper if it wants to obtain information about news.
XX may use a copier if it wants to print the document.
XX may use a tile if it wants to place on floor.
XX may use a menu item if it wants to order food.
XX may use a shingle if it wants to tile a roof.
XX may use a memory card if it wants to retain the memory.
XX may use a fire sprinkler if it wants to put out a fire.
XX may use a wiper if it wants to wipe the window.
XX may use a grinder if it wants to cut up nuts into fine pieces.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to search the internet.
XX may use an end table if it wants to go beside a couch.
XX may use a basinet if it wants to hold a child.
XX may use a garden hose if it wants to water the lawn.
XX may use a hair if it wants to adorn the head.
XX may use a monitor if it wants to read computer information.
XX may use a picture if it wants to capture the appearance.
XX may use a cowboy boots if it wants to ride a horse.
XX may use a picture frame if it wants to hold a picture.
XX may use a frying pan if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a jug of milk if it wants to keep milk from spoiling.
XX may use a plastic crate if it wants to lift things.
XX may use a phone line if it wants to provide the communication.
XX may use a nest if it wants to lay an egg.
XX may use a waiter if it wants to take orders.
XX may use a bib if it wants to protect from stains.
XX may use an easel if it wants to draw on.
XX may use flowers if it wants to beautify a home.
XX may use a lid if it wants to cover a container.
XX may use a spool of thread if it wants to sew.
XX may use a lawn if it wants to mow.
XX may use a dye if it wants to add colour to fabric.
XX may use photographs if it wants to remember events.
XX may use a spice box if it wants to store spices.
XX may use a tool rack if it wants to hold tools.
XX may use a money if it wants to pay for things.
XX may use a garbage disposal if it wants to grind up garbage.
XX may use an article if it wants to be read.
XX may use a canned items if it wants to store food.
XX may use a jeweler if it wants to repair rings.
XX may use a teacher if it wants to teach people.
XX may use an air pump if it wants to pump air into your tires.
XX may use a booster chair if it wants to make kids taller.
XX may use an indicator light if it wants to signal things.
XX may use a sewing desk if it wants to sew on.
XX may use an electric razor if it wants to shave.
XX may use a rucksack if it wants to carry items for camping.
XX may use a leaf rake if it wants to rake.
XX may use a flower if it wants to make a room pretty.
XX may use a safety helmet if it wants to put on your head to prevent abuse.
XX may use a trackball mouse if it wants to connect to computer.
XX may use a cheese piece if it wants to add to an appetizer tray.
XX may use a refrigerator if it wants to cool food.
XX may use a fire place if it wants to heat a room.
XX may use an ac if it wants to cool the room.
XX may use a drinking glass if it wants to drink out of.
XX may use a tool kit if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a daiquiri if it wants to become someone drunk.
XX may use a highlighter if it wants to remember some text.
XX may use a racket if it wants to hit balls.
XX may use a hatchet if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a girl if it wants to wear the make-up.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to display.
XX may use a cloud if it wants to hold the rain.
XX may use a party food if it wants to have a party with.
XX may use a keyboard if it wants to type letters.
XX may use an ink if it wants to print a letter.
XX may use a steam cleaner if it wants to clean the floor.
XX may use a zip drive if it wants to store data.
XX may use a greenbeans if it wants to feed the hungry.
XX may use a pet food dish if it wants to feed a pet.
XX may use a paper towel if it wants to dry.
XX may use a snowfall if it wants to have fun.
XX may use a perfume if it wants to attract people.
XX may use a picture if it wants to show something.
XX may use a star chart if it wants to track stars.
XX may use a ruler if it wants to take the measurement.
XX may use a burner if it wants to heat.
XX may use a nut shell if it wants to keep the nut intact.
XX may use a toy truck if it wants to entertain little boys.
XX may use drums if it wants to keep the beat.
XX may use a banjo if it wants to play music.
XX may use a pole if it wants to jump on.
XX may use a pumpkin if it wants to eat.
XX may use a garden tool if it wants to grow gardens.
XX may use paintings if it wants to decorate a room.
XX may use headphones if it wants to listen to sound.
XX may use a refrigerator if it wants to keep food cold.
XX may use a lubricant oil if it wants to eliminate squeaks.
XX may use a table legs if it wants to keep the table up.
XX may use a television if it wants to view objects of your desire.
XX may use speakers if it wants to radiate soundwaves.
XX may use a fingernail clipper if it wants to clip nails.
XX may use a meal if it wants to feed someone.
XX may use a cooling system if it wants to cool things off.
XX may use a garlic head if it wants to cook.
XX may use a checkers board if it wants to play a game.
XX may use an acknowledgement if it wants to let someone know you read something.
XX may use an interior designer if it wants to help decorate a house.
XX may use a doorbell button if it wants to ring the doorbell.
XX may use a night stand if it wants to support a lamp.
XX may use a ribbon if it wants to award the behavior.
XX may use a coffee table if it wants to place mugs on.
XX may use a box of envelopes if it wants to send bills.
XX may use bricks if it wants to build a building with.
XX may use a coat rack if it wants to hang coats on.
XX may use a channel if it wants to provide a passage for boats.
XX may use blinds if it wants to screen the sun.
XX may use a collar if it wants to decorate a neckline.
XX may use a steam cleaner if it wants to clean.
XX may use stamps if it wants to show postage already purchased.
XX may use a doorbell button if it wants to ring.
XX may use an axe if it wants to split wood.
XX may use a rolling chair if it wants to move around.
XX may use a chocolate bar if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a document if it wants to contain information.
XX may use a cabinet door handle if it wants to open the door.
XX may use a whisky if it wants to whisk the thing.
XX may use a basketball if it wants to play.
XX may use a basinet if it wants to hold a baby.
XX may use an ice if it wants to cool down a drink.
XX may use a storage box if it wants to store items.
XX may use a clipboard if it wants to hold things.
XX may use an entertainment centre if it wants to watch the TV.
XX may use a stepstool if it wants to help you reach something tall.
XX may use a match if it wants to light.
XX may use a gas stove if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a knife if it wants to cut meat.
XX may use a dog biscuit if it wants to reward the dog for doing tricks.
XX may use an ice cream if it wants to eat with joy.
XX may use a drum if it wants to make music.
XX may use a charger if it wants to charge a battery.
XX may use a dusting cloth if it wants to dust the furniture.
XX may use a bucket if it wants to carry things.
XX may use a disc if it wants to watch.
XX may use a security tape if it wants to catch criminals.
XX may use a needle if it wants to sew.
XX may use a nail polish if it wants to remove paint.
XX may use a wax if it wants to make candles.
XX may use a clothes basket if it wants to hold dirty/clean clothes.
XX may use a wedding cake if it wants to celebrate a wedding.
XX may use a fan if it wants to make a room cooler.
XX may use a bedroom if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a chocolate pudding if it wants to fill a desire for sweets.
XX may use a thermos if it wants to keep fluids hot.
XX may use a cantaloupe if it wants to consume.
XX may use a vegetable cutter if it wants to cut food.
XX may use a beanbag chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use a heater if it wants to make the air around it warm.
XX may use a Jack if it wants to connect a phone.
XX may use a movie if it wants to be watched.
XX may use a story book if it wants to read a story to.
XX may use a diaper area if it wants to change a babys dirty diaper.
XX may use an extension cord if it wants to plug in the sewing room.
XX may use a ketchup if it wants to add the flavour.
XX may use an electric supply if it wants to supply electricity.
XX may use a watering can if it wants to water plants.
XX may use a lettuce if it wants to make salad.
XX may use a tool chest if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a toilet paper if it wants to wipe.
XX may use a ladder if it wants to climb to high places.
XX may use a pet dog if it wants to keep one company.
XX may use a cloth if it wants to cover the body.
XX may use a lens cleaner if it wants to clean the lens on your glasses.
XX may use a food if it wants to give the nutrition.
XX may use a note cube if it wants to take notes whenever you want to.
XX may use boots if it wants to wear.
XX may use a coop if it wants to house the fowl.
XX may use a screwdriver if it wants to remove screws.
XX may use a tennis racket if it wants to hit the ball.
XX may use a gumball machine if it wants to dispense the gum.
XX may use a noticeboard if it wants to display notices.
XX may use a garbage if it wants to store the trash.
XX may use a vise if it wants to hold things in place.
XX may use a paper clip if it wants to bind papers.
XX may use a washcloth if it wants to clean a person's face.
XX may use a toolkit if it wants to fix things.
XX may use a stain if it wants to ruin clothes.
XX may use a puppy if it wants to keep one company.
XX may use a weight bench if it wants to lift weights on.
XX may use a match if it wants to light a candle.
XX may use a marker if it wants to Mark papers.
XX may use a bed side table if it wants to hold a lamp.
XX may use a lipstick if it wants to apply to your lips.
XX may use a scrubber if it wants to wash something.
XX may use a pajama top if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a center table if it wants to furnish the living room.
XX may use a door if it wants to lock rooms.
XX may use a portable scale if it wants to measure the mass of small items.
XX may use a water if it wants to clean.
XX may use a weed wacker if it wants to cut weeds.
XX may use a pencil holder if it wants to hold pencils.
XX may use sandals if it wants to walk around in.
XX may use a stapler if it wants to attach papers together.
XX may use a globe if it wants to study the map of the world.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to display the picture.
XX may use a rain fall if it wants to fill lakes.
XX may use a lp record if it wants to record.
XX may use a coat peg if it wants to hang a garment.
XX may use a business card holder if it wants to keep business cards organized.
XX may use a rolling chair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use hiking boots if it wants to go hiking in.
XX may use a drawer if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a brain if it wants to think.
XX may use a stepstool if it wants to reach a little higher that a person's height.
XX may use sheets if it wants to sleep on.
XX may use a garden tool if it wants to cultivate with.
XX may use a manager if it wants to manage.
XX may use a solitaire game if it wants to play the solitaire.
XX may use a grandfather clock if it wants to display the time.
XX may use a carrot if it wants to eat.
XX may use a job if it wants to make money.
XX may use a first aid box if it wants to treat wounds.
XX may use a knife sharpener if it wants to sharpen a knife.
XX may use a cabinet if it wants to keep things in.
XX may use a playstation if it wants to play on.
XX may use a postman if it wants to deliver the mail.
XX may use a disk player if it wants to play disks.
XX may use a cat box if it wants to transport cats.
XX may use a scrap if it wants to feed a dog.
XX may use a sweater if it wants to wear.
XX may use a baby shoes if it wants to keep babies  feet warm.
XX may use a postage stamp if it wants to send letters.
XX may use a guitar cover if it wants to carry the guitar.
XX may use slides if it wants to give the presentation.
XX may use a spider if it wants to kill bugs that are outdoors.
XX may use a calendar if it wants to look at day/date information.
XX may use a dental floss if it wants to clean between teeth.
XX may use a sharpener if it wants to sharpen.
XX may use a pillowcase if it wants to hold a pillow.
XX may use a note pads if it wants to take notes.
XX may use a mattress if it wants to sleep upon.
XX may use a pin if it wants to hold my pants together.
XX may use a stereo speaker if it wants to increase the sound on the speaker.
XX may use a hand mirror if it wants to fix the makeup.
XX may use a liquor if it wants to make drinks.
XX may use a cotton if it wants to wipe bleeding cuts.
XX may use a pant suit if it wants to wear to a party.
XX may use dinner plates if it wants to eat off of.
XX may use a jewelry if it wants to enhance a woman's looks.
XX may use a bell pepper if it wants to eat.
XX may use a cd tape if it wants to play music.
XX may use a spatula if it wants to flip eggs.
XX may use a power source if it wants to add power to things.
XX may use an ac if it wants to charge batteries.
XX may use a PDA if it wants to store personal information.
XX may use a chocolate bar if it wants to gain energy by humans.
XX may use a water heater if it wants to provide hot water.
XX may use a coin if it wants to pay for something.
XX may use a kleenex if it wants to clean the glass.
XX may use a telephone if it wants to make calls.
XX may use a punching machine if it wants to punch the paper.
XX may use a lunchbox if it wants to hold lunch.
XX may use a pencil-case if it wants to store pencils.
XX may use a phone book if it wants to look up phone number.
XX may use a tool if it wants to build things.
XX may use a shower if it wants to wash away the dirt on your body.
XX may use a xmas tree if it wants to decorate a room.
XX may use a potato peeler if it wants to peel potatoes.
XX may use an ice tray if it wants to make ice in a uniform fashion.
XX may use a file if it wants to store a document.
XX may use a fruit bowl if it wants to hold the fruit.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to protect a person from the rain.
XX may use flowers if it wants to smell the fragrance.
XX may use a diamond if it wants to make a ring pretty.
XX may use a lock box if it wants to use to pick.
XX may use a mail box if it wants to receive letters.
XX may use a cheese if it wants to eat.
XX may use a tent if it wants to reside in and sleep.
XX may use a hairblower if it wants to dry the hair.
XX may use a folding fan if it wants to fan.
XX may use a greenbeans if it wants to eat.
XX may use a winter coat if it wants to warm.
XX may use a computer if it wants to work.
XX may use a dining table if it wants to eat on.
XX may use a caller id if it wants to show who the caller is.
XX may use a footrest if it wants to rest your foot on.
XX may use a mask if it wants to cover ones face and scare someone.
XX may use a makeup case if it wants to store the makeup.
XX may use a TV if it wants to watch television shows.
XX may use a shelf if it wants to hold the material.
XX may use a sponge if it wants to wash the table.
XX may use a hand truck if it wants to move the stuff.
XX may use a toolbox if it wants to keep tools.
XX may use a talcum powder if it wants to put on.
XX may use a note pads if it wants to take notes on.
XX may use a decoration bow if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a barbeque grill if it wants to grill meat.
XX may use a coat peg if it wants to hang a coat.
XX may use a trash campactor if it wants to make trash take up less space.
XX may use roller skates if it wants to roll around in.
XX may use a pencil lead if it wants to make things black.
XX may use a clock if it wants to time things.
XX may use dishes if it wants to serve dinner.
XX may use a toiletpaper if it wants to wipe your bottom.
XX may use an ashtray if it wants to contain cigarette ashes.
XX may use a gift if it wants to reward someone.
XX may use a copy if it wants to replicate an item that may have multiple uses.
XX may use a loudspeaker if it wants to make your voice heard.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to record video and sound.
XX may use cards if it wants to greet sometone.
XX may use pencils if it wants to write.
XX may use a dog collar if it wants to attach a leash to the dog.
XX may use a salt if it wants to flavor.
XX may use a radio if it wants to listen to radio broadcast.
XX may use a tool if it wants to build objects.
XX may use a shop if it wants to spend money at.
XX may use a shaving cream if it wants to ease the shaving.
XX may use a bookshelf if it wants to hold books.
XX may use a party horn if it wants to blow at a party.
XX may use a patio table if it wants to eat on.
XX may use a guitar amplifier if it wants to play music.
XX may use scissors if it wants to cut.
XX may use a telphone if it wants to have a conversation with a person in another location.
XX may use a placemat if it wants to protect a table cloth.
XX may use a paper clip holder if it wants to hold different kinds of paper clips.
XX may use a lens if it wants to protect the retina.
XX may use a screw if it wants to put something together.
XX may use a tape if it wants to measure things.
XX may use a sprinkler nozzle if it wants to spray.
XX may use a folksong if it wants to calm the people.
XX may use a housewife if it wants to marry a man.
XX may use a washcloth if it wants to wash your face.
XX may use a see-saw if it wants to play on.
XX may use a duffel bag if it wants to put gym clothes in.
XX may use a bicycle tire if it wants to ride on.
XX may use a copy machine if it wants to make photocopies.
XX may use a stack of letters if it wants to keep in touch with people.
XX may use a movie dvd if it wants to watch a movie at home.
XX may use a cord if it wants to tie things.
XX may use a wicker chair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use a vending machine if it wants to sell items.
XX may use a pearl necklace if it wants to make a lady look elegant.
XX may use a kitchen floor if it wants to decorate the kitchen.
XX may use a checkers board if it wants to play checkers on.
XX may use a mouse if it wants to click on a page.
XX may use a wire if it wants to transmit signals.
XX may use a washing machine lid if it wants to keep water inside the washing machine.
XX may use a night stand if it wants to hold a lamp.
XX may use a pollen if it wants to sneeze at.
XX may use a sandal if it wants to put on your foot.
XX may use a pickle if it wants to eat.
XX may use an envelope if it wants to mail letters in.
XX may use a kitchenaid mixer if it wants to mix food.
XX may use a baby car seat if it wants to secure a baby.
XX may use a cotton bag if it wants to hold the cotton.
XX may use a carpet protector if it wants to carpet fibers resist stains.
XX may use a notebook battery if it wants to keep the notebook running.
XX may use a power saw if it wants to see.
XX may use a burner if it wants to heat things.
XX may use a paperclips if it wants to join papers.
XX may use a document if it wants to keep a record.
XX may use a shirt if it wants to cover the chest.
XX may use a mobile phone if it wants to call people.
XX may use a swim suit if it wants to swim.
XX may use a file cabinet if it wants to put papers in.
XX may use a report if it wants to give information.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to work remotely.
XX may use a babies highchair if it wants to protect.
XX may use a heater if it wants to warm up a room.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to enter the date.
XX may use a leather if it wants to make a leather jacket.
XX may use a flourescent marker if it wants to Mark.
XX may use a torch if it wants to light a room.
XX may use a cell phone if it wants to make a telephone call.
XX may use a dust rag if it wants to dust things.
XX may use a canister if it wants to hold the stuff.
XX may use a sock if it wants to cover a foot.
XX may use a paw if it wants to scratch.
XX may use a lighting if it wants to illuminate a room.
XX may use a soil in the pot if it wants to grow plants.
XX may use an oven if it wants to bake food.
XX may use an envelope if it wants to contain mail.
XX may use a screen if it wants to cover up something.
XX may use a photo scanner if it wants to scan.
XX may use a water faucet if it wants to become water.
XX may use a memo if it wants to send the note.
XX may use a web page if it wants to show information.
XX may use a notebook computer if it wants to compute.
XX may use a shed if it wants to store tools.
XX may use a screen door if it wants to block insects.
XX may use a pocket if it wants to store items.
XX may use a soap case if it wants to hold soap.
XX may use a cup if it wants to store drinks.
XX may use a board game if it wants to cause joy for friends.
XX may use an ambulance if it wants to carry critically ill people.
XX may use a boombox if it wants to listen to music.
XX may use a climbing aids if it wants to climb with.
XX may use a razor if it wants to shave hairs off of one's body.
XX may use a bulletin board if it wants to show bulletins.
XX may use an ice pick if it wants to chip ice.
XX may use an electric razor's blades if it wants to shave.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean.
XX may use a glass cup if it wants to drink water out of.
XX may use a coffee table if it wants to put things on.
XX may use a ladder if it wants to climb on.
XX may use a fire if it wants to burn something.
XX may use a window pane if it wants to beautify.
XX may use a sofa if it wants to sit on comfortably.
XX may use a fishing tackle box if it wants to hold fishing tackle.
XX may use a wedding ring if it wants to remind someone that they are married.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to protect people from getting wet when it's raining.
XX may use a waste basket if it wants to put garbage in.
XX may use a roof if it wants to shelter a home.
XX may use a chest of drawers if it wants to hold the clothing.
XX may use a microwave if it wants to cook.
XX may use data if it wants to hold information.
XX may use a bank if it wants to withdraw money.
XX may use a washing machine lid if it wants to close the washing machine.
XX may use a light if it wants to brighten the place.
XX may use a bird cage if it wants to place the birds.
XX may use a cord if it wants to plug in the power.
XX may use a hook if it wants to catch the fish.
XX may use a hamper if it wants to contain dirty clothes.
XX may use a video game console if it wants to play video games.
XX may use a pressure cooker if it wants to make soup.
XX may use a copy right if it wants to protect thoughts.
XX may use a bat if it wants to hit balls.
XX may use a stair master if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a crib if it wants to contain a baby or small child.
XX may use screws if it wants to attach something together.
XX may use a monitor button if it wants to turn on a monitor.
XX may use a wall calendar if it wants to indicate dates.
XX may use a guitar cover if it wants to cover a guitar.
XX may use a cereal if it wants to contain cereal.
XX may use a painting if it wants to display.
XX may use a vcr if it wants to record tv shows.
XX may use a kitchen table if it wants to eat on.
XX may use a hand if it wants to clean a dish.
XX may use adhesive if it wants to stick two things together.
XX may use a vcr remote if it wants to tell the vcr what to do from a distance.
XX may use a cd jewel case if it wants to hold CDS.
XX may use a cloth if it wants to cover a chair.
XX may use a panty if it wants to be worn.
XX may use a pencil if it wants to write.
XX may use a living room if it wants to visit with friends.
XX may use a soil if it wants to support plants.
XX may use an omelette if it wants to eat.
XX may use a plantation if it wants to grow crops.
XX may use a washbasin if it wants to wash.
XX may use a scale if it wants to weigh a person.
XX may use a gym machine if it wants to work out.
XX may use a medicine cabinet if it wants to store drugs.
XX may use a picture if it wants to look at.
XX may use a teddy bear if it wants to cuddle up with.
XX may use a trash receptacle if it wants to store the trash.
XX may use a flour container if it wants to contain flowers.
XX may use a hotdog if it wants to overcome the hunger.
XX may use a ball of yarn if it wants to knit.
XX may use a food bowl if it wants to put different types of food in.
XX may use a reference book if it wants to refer to.
XX may use a garbage if it wants to hold the trash.
XX may use an iron board if it wants to iron the clothing.
XX may use a child's tricycle if it wants to transport children.
XX may use a blotter if it wants to absorb ink.
XX may use an olive if it wants to eat in drinks.
XX may use a californian roll if it wants to be eaten.
XX may use a table if it wants to lift items higher.
XX may use a coatstand if it wants to hang coats.
XX may use a circuit breaker if it wants to reset a fuse.
XX may use a power adapter if it wants to adjust the voltage needed for an appliance.
XX may use a fishhook if it wants to catch the fish.
XX may use a chain if it wants to bind.
XX may use a magnet if it wants to hang things.
XX may use a sauce bottle if it wants to hold the sauce.
XX may use an equipment if it wants to produce desired results for the appropriate device.
XX may use a china coffee cup if it wants to hold coffee.
XX may use a shoelace if it wants to tighten shoes.
XX may use a garden hose if it wants to water plants.
XX may use a typewriter if it wants to type letters.
XX may use a leather binder if it wants to hold papers together.
XX may use a stool if it wants to stand on.
XX may use bundles if it wants to group two or more services together for a better rate.
XX may use a pearl necklace if it wants to adorn the neck.
XX may use a portable vacuum if it wants to suck up dirt.
XX may use a boot rack if it wants to organize boots.
XX may use a x-box if it wants to play games on.
XX may use a thimble if it wants to protect a thumb.
XX may use a Mobile if it wants to entertain a baby.
XX may use a movie if it wants to entertain.
XX may use a smoke alarm if it wants to warn of a fire.
XX may use a postage stamps on letter if it wants to pay for mailing.
XX may use a milk if it wants to make cereal moist.
XX may use instructions if it wants to instruct people.
XX may use a dartboard if it wants to throw darts at.
XX may use a coffeemaker if it wants to make coffee.
XX may use a bunk bed if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use an umbrella if it wants to keep you dry.
XX may use a roulette wheel if it wants to bet on.
XX may use a teabag if it wants to make tea.
XX may use a flashlight if it wants to light a path.
XX may use a spill if it wants to clean up with.
XX may use an iron if it wants to remove wrinkles in clothes.
XX may use a palette if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a grill if it wants to cook hamburgers.
XX may use a bread if it wants to make sandwiches out of.
XX may use a mold if it wants to build things.
XX may use a box if it wants to store anything.
XX may use a video cassette recorder if it wants to record.
XX may use a hairbrush if it wants to comb one's hair.
XX may use a cotton if it wants to make clothes.
XX may use a poker chips if it wants to play poker.
XX may use a medicine grinder if it wants to grind up medicine.
XX may use a side dish if it wants to provide the variety.
XX may use a grocery bag if it wants to hold the groceries.
XX may use a tile floor if it wants to walk on.
XX may use a butter knife if it wants to butter bread.
XX may use socks if it wants to cover feet.
XX may use an oil painting if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a tea kettle if it wants to make tea.
XX may use a bowl of noodles if it wants to eat.
XX may use a tool if it wants to fix.
XX may use a rolling pin if it wants to roll the dough.
XX may use a wrist watch band if it wants to hold a watch on the wrist.
XX may use an altar if it wants to hold a sacrificial event.
XX may use a saute pan if it wants to saute.
XX may use tweezers if it wants to become out splinters.
XX may use a driver licence if it wants to identify a person.
XX may use a bed side table if it wants to hold books.
XX may use a cup if it wants to drink out of.
XX may use a TV if it wants to watch movies.
XX may use slippers if it wants to wear around the house.
XX may use a poster if it wants to show something.
XX may use a glue gun if it wants to glue things.
XX may use a quilt if it wants to keep you warm while you sleep.
XX may use a teddybear if it wants to play.
XX may use a knife block if it wants to store knives.
XX may use a baby bib if it wants to keep children's clothes clean.
XX may use a play pen if it wants to entertain toddlers.
XX may use a white out bottle if it wants to hold white out.
XX may use a dessert if it wants to sweeten the palette.
XX may use a flap if it wants to cover things.
XX may use a board if it wants to write.
XX may use scissors if it wants to cut things.
XX may use a belt if it wants to hold up someone's pants.
XX may use a date stamp if it wants to indicate the date.
XX may use a vise if it wants to hold an object.
XX may use a sterilizer if it wants to clean things.
XX may use a roll of tape if it wants to adhere the paper.
XX may use a panty if it wants to dress.
XX may use a map if it wants to find directions.
XX may use a shovel if it wants to dig up dirt.
XX may use a high chair if it wants to sit babies.
XX may use a diaper change pad if it wants to protect a surface.
XX may use a leather books if it wants to inform people.
XX may use a binder clip if it wants to keep documents together.
XX may use a plant leaves if it wants to make oxygen.
XX may use ingredients if it wants to make food.
XX may use a swing if it wants to play on.
XX may use a slot machine if it wants to gamble.
XX may use a tape drive if it wants to play tapes.
XX may use tweezers if it wants to obtain a sliver out.
XX may use a trip if it wants to relax someone.
XX may use a pan if it wants to fry the stuff.
XX may use a harness if it wants to hold a person in place.
XX may use a bird house if it wants to house birds.
XX may use a water stream if it wants to flow water.
XX may use a gown if it wants to make  a woman feel beautiful.
XX may use a bedsheet on the bed if it wants to cover the mattress.
XX may use a jam if it wants to make toast more tasty.
XX may use a neck if it wants to support the head.
XX may use a meat if it wants to fry.
XX may use a fortune cookie if it wants to eat.
XX may use a movie dvd if it wants to watch for entertainment.
XX may use a trophy if it wants to display proudly.
XX may use a sharpner if it wants to sharpen the pencil.
XX may use a key if it wants to open a door.
XX may use a bag holder if it wants to hold objects.
XX may use a table lamp if it wants to read by.
XX may use an abacus if it wants to calculate.
XX may use a garbage from the room if it wants to be thrown out.
XX may use an oven if it wants to cook.
XX may use a case if it wants to contain items.
XX may use a shower if it wants to clean the body.
XX may use a wood if it wants to make something.
XX may use a shampoo bottle if it wants to wash the hair.
XX may use a pet cage if it wants to house a pet.
XX may use an arm chair if it wants to sit down in.
XX may use a bunk bed if it wants to sleep.
XX may use a pet food dish if it wants to feed pets.
XX may use a cellophane charger if it wants to charge the batteries.
XX may use eyeglasses if it wants to correct the sight.
XX may use an iron frying pan if it wants to fry eggs.
XX may use a desk if it wants to work at.
XX may use a lamp light if it wants to illuminate the room.
XX may use a bed room if it wants to sleep in.
XX may use a pencil sharpener if it wants to make pencils sharp.
XX may use a leotard if it wants to clothe.
XX may use a lighter if it wants to light things.
XX may use drinks if it wants to drink when it is hot.
XX may use a paper shredder if it wants to destroy documents.
XX may use a blender if it wants to blend food.
XX may use a stand if it wants to hold a plant.
XX may use a postage meter if it wants to weigh the postage.
XX may use a statue if it wants to stand around.
XX may use a cold drink if it wants to be drank.
XX may use a hat stand if it wants to hold hats.
XX may use a thread if it wants to sew.
XX may use a rag if it wants to clean.
XX may use a ball if it wants to bounce.
XX may use a television if it wants to entertain humans.
XX may use a rubber stamp if it wants to stamp.
XX may use a CD PLAYER if it wants to play the CD.
XX may use a cd-rom drive if it wants to store music.
XX may use an Internet if it wants to search different sites.
XX may use a putter if it wants to play golf.
XX may use a clothes closet if it wants to hold clothes.
XX may use a watch if it wants to tell the time.
XX may use a blower if it wants to dry the hair.
XX may use a relative if it wants to meet.
XX may use a hair curler if it wants to curl your hair.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to throw garbage in.
XX may use a tv magazine if it wants to check on tv shows.
XX may use a bell if it wants to ring.
XX may use a mold if it wants to make things.
XX may use a dumpster if it wants to throw trash in.
XX may use a postage stamp if it wants to send mail.
XX may use a shelf if it wants to hold books.
XX may use a computer if it wants to communicate.
XX may use an excercise bike if it wants to exercise.
XX may use a cassette if it wants to store music.
XX may use a goblet if it wants to hold a fluid.
XX may use clothes if it wants to keep people warm.
XX may use a badge if it wants to symbolize something.
XX may use a bottle if it wants to hold liquid.
XX may use a toe if it wants to balance when you walk.
XX may use an airport if it wants to take a flight.
XX may use a flower vase if it wants to decorate the table.
XX may use a diaper bag if it wants to carry diapers.
XX may use a snooker table if it wants to put stuff on.
XX may use paper towels if it wants to wipe up messes.
XX may use pills if it wants to take.
XX may use pliers if it wants to manipulate small objects.
XX may use a photocopier if it wants to duplicate images or text.
XX may use a data disk if it wants to store data.
XX may use a leaf if it wants to make photosynthesis.
XX may use an egg box if it wants to hold a dozen eggs.
XX may use a movie dvd if it wants to play movies.
XX may use a door mat in the correct position if it wants to clean shoes.
XX may use a loaf if it wants to provide the sustenance.
XX may use a floppy disk if it wants to store info on.
XX may use a robot if it wants to help you.
XX may use a pollen if it wants to have allergic reactions.
XX may use a lockbox if it wants to lock away something valuable.
XX may use a birthday cake if it wants to celebrate the birthday.
XX may use a ham if it wants to eat.
XX may use a thread if it wants to sew a button.
XX may use a folding table if it wants to eat lunch outside on.
XX may use a cutlery if it wants to cut meat.
XX may use a potholder if it wants to protect hands from hot pots or pan s.
XX may use a bow tie if it wants to look sharp.
XX may use a cardboard panel if it wants to use as a screen.
XX may use a handle if it wants to open a door.
XX may use a ketchup if it wants to flavor beef.
XX may use a jar of jelly if it wants to hold the jelly.
XX may use a baby swing if it wants to soothe a baby.
XX may use an ink blotter if it wants to protect a desk.
XX may use a scotch tape if it wants to hold things together.
XX may use a fish if it wants to eat.
XX may use a steel sink if it wants to wash dishes.
XX may use a rocking horse if it wants to have fun.
XX may use a baby food if it wants to feed a baby.
XX may use a sack if it wants to hold things.
XX may use a butter knife if it wants to spread butter.
XX may use a toddler if it wants to grow.
XX may use a bathmat if it wants to line the tub floor.
XX may use a kitchen range if it wants to cook food.
XX may use a diamond ring if it wants to wear.
XX may use a sewing machine if it wants to sew the fabric.
XX may use a jug if it wants to drink from.
XX may use a plumbing pipe if it wants to bring water to house.
XX may use a phone if it wants to call people.
XX may use a toiler paper roll if it wants to clean up.
XX may use a dust buster if it wants to clean.
XX may use a mat if it wants to protect the floor from mud and dirt.
XX may use a seat cushion if it wants to cushion a seat.
XX may use a mask if it wants to hide your face.
XX may use an ice box if it wants to make ice.
XX may use stamps if it wants to mail letters.
XX may use a footstool if it wants to relax.
XX may use a winder if it wants to wind.
XX may use a clock if it wants to tell time with.
XX may use a plumbing pipe if it wants to make water flow.
XX may use a paperclip if it wants to attach paper together.
XX may use a sugar if it wants to sweeten food.
XX may use a chess board if it wants to play on.
XX may use a chart if it wants to pinpoint where certain things are.
XX may use a dust mat if it wants to cover.
XX may use a printer if it wants to print the paper.
XX may use eggs if it wants to eat.
XX may use a hatchet if it wants to store food.
XX may use a baby if it wants to rock.
XX may use a corn if it wants to hurt the foot.
XX may use an ash tray if it wants to collect used cigarettes.
XX may use a net if it wants to catch the fish.
XX may use dishes if it wants to eat.
XX may use a PDA if it wants to assist in work.
XX may use a beer bottle if it wants to store beer.
XX may use a hole puncher if it wants to make holes in paper.
XX may use a doorbell if it wants to announce your presence.
XX may use a trash-can if it wants to hold  refuse.
XX may use stairs if it wants to walk up and down.
XX may use a bride if it wants to marry a groom.
XX may use a dvd player if it wants to watch movies.
XX may use noises if it wants to distract whats really going on.
XX may use a toilet if it wants to hold excreta.
XX may use a wristwatch if it wants to tell time with.
XX may use a seat belt if it wants to protect passengers of a car.
XX may use a hair dresser if it wants to style the hair.
XX may use a water if it wants to hydrate.
XX may use a pepper shaker if it wants to hold pepper for sprinkling on food.
XX may use a shed if it wants to store garden tools.
XX may use a dog biscuit if it wants to clean a dog's teeth.
XX may use a pastry if it wants to feed.
XX may use a scotch tape if it wants to join things together.
XX may use a window if it wants to look the outdoors.
XX may use a package if it wants to send.
XX may use a punch bowl if it wants to serve the punch.
XX may use a suit if it wants to look nice.
XX may use a video tape if it wants to watch a video.
XX may use a litter pan if it wants to hold kitty litter.
XX may use a toychest if it wants to hold your toys.
XX may use a wash cloth if it wants to clean and wash.
XX may use a network hub if it wants to direct the traffic.
XX may use a roll of twine if it wants to organize the twine.
XX may use a waiter if it wants to serve people food.
XX may use a milk if it wants to pour in coffee.
XX may use an Internet if it wants to transmit information.
XX may use an ac vent if it wants to disperse air.
XX may use a TV if it wants to entertain and educate.
XX may use a player if it wants to play a game.
XX may use a bathroom sink if it wants to wash your hands in.
XX may use a handle if it wants to hold on to.
XX may use a butcher knife if it wants to chop meat.
XX may use a robe if it wants to wear.
XX may use an ice cube if it wants to chill a drink.
XX may use a lamp if it wants to give light.
XX may use police if it wants to solve murders.
XX may use a water cooler if it wants to hold water.
XX may use a battery if it wants to provide power.
XX may use matches if it wants to START a fire.
XX may use a pear tree if it wants to grow pears.
XX may use a scotch tape if it wants to attach papers together.
XX may use a water trail if it wants to hike.
XX may use a phone call if it wants to talk to someone.
XX may use a service call if it wants to repair something.
XX may use an envelope if it wants to seal a letter.
XX may use a hotdog if it wants to fill a stomach.
XX may use a meat if it wants to make a meal.
XX may use a handbag if it wants to store things.
XX may use a dog food dish if it wants to feed a dog.
XX may use a wristwatch if it wants to tell the time.
XX may use a piano if it wants to play songs.
XX may use a dust pan if it wants to sweep dust into.
XX may use a leaf if it wants to tickle people.
XX may use a satchel if it wants to carry things.
XX may use a control pad if it wants to fix the heat.
XX may use a raincoat if it wants to keep your clothes dry when it rains.
XX may use a gluestick if it wants to stick things together.
XX may use a computer game if it wants to relax.
XX may use a cellophane if it wants to wrap items.
XX may use an airport if it wants to land planes.
XX may use a photo scanner if it wants to scan and copy pictures.
XX may use a toy bricks if it wants to construct model structures.
XX may use a moth if it wants to fly.
XX may use a kitty if it wants to amuse kids.
XX may use a hair blow dryer if it wants to dry the hair.
XX may use a plumbing tool if it wants to fix clogs.
XX may use a business card holder if it wants to hold buisness cards.
XX may use a trophy if it wants to show the accomplishment.
XX may use a page protector if it wants to protect the pages.
XX may use a buckle if it wants to fasten a belt.
XX may use a garbage disposal if it wants to discard small amounts of food.
XX may use a ball if it wants to play.
XX may use a dungeon lights if it wants to light a dungeon.
XX may use a measuring spoon if it wants to measure.
XX may use a cookie if it wants to eat with milk.
XX may use a socket wrench if it wants to fix things.
XX may use a birdhouse if it wants to keep birds in.
XX may use a razors blade if it wants to shave.
XX may use an eggbeater if it wants to beat eggs.
XX may use a milk jug if it wants to contain milk.
XX may use a bathing suit if it wants to go swimming.
XX may use a toy bin if it wants to store toys.
XX may use a bread if it wants to nourish the body.
XX may use a shovel if it wants to scoop the dirt.
XX may use a glue stick if it wants to stick two surfaces together.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to program on.
XX may use a video camera if it wants to record things.
XX may use a task of finding file if it wants to locate something.
XX may use a newspaper if it wants to read to see whats going on in the world.
XX may use a pressure cooker if it wants to make food.
XX may use a rifle if it wants to shoot.
XX may use a melon juice if it wants to drink on hot day.
XX may use a drawing if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a door if it wants to enter a room.
XX may use a firegaurd if it wants to stop the fire.
XX may use a breath if it wants to provide oxygen.
XX may use a wheel chair if it wants to transport people who cannot walk.
XX may use a movie dvd if it wants to watch a film.
XX may use a tree if it wants to create oxygen.
XX may use a ledger if it wants to write things on.
XX may use a laundry detergent if it wants to wash dirty clothes.
XX may use a horn if it wants to honk.
XX may use a projector if it wants to show things on a screen.
XX may use a wood piece if it wants to make a project.
XX may use a hot water faucet if it wants to bring hot water to the sink.
XX may use a mum if it wants to decorate.
XX may use speakers if it wants to amplify the sound.
XX may use a table cloth if it wants to cover the dining table.
XX may use a trash can if it wants to hold garbage.
XX may use a drain if it wants to allow  a fluid to exit a chamber.
XX may use an eraser if it wants to remove writing from a chalkboard.
XX may use a soda can if it wants to house the soda.
XX may use pills if it wants to store pills.
XX may use chopsticks if it wants to eat rice with.
XX may use a tennis ball if it wants to play the catch.
XX may use a hamper if it wants to put laundy.
XX may use a salt cellar if it wants to store salt.
XX may use a batteries after use in trash bin if it wants to recycle.
XX may use a web browser if it wants to view web pages.
XX may use a curio cabinet if it wants to keep things.
XX may use a film roll if it wants to capture pictures.
XX may use a lightning if it wants to watch.
XX may use a dumpster if it wants to collect garbage.
XX may use a ringer if it wants to alert that someone is calling.
XX may use a shaving cream if it wants to hold the shaving cream.
XX may use a venetian blinds if it wants to close the sun.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to compute.
XX may use a lemon juice if it wants to add a lemony flavor to a dish.
XX may use a glove if it wants to catch a ball.
XX may use a network hub if it wants to connect computers.
XX may use a champagne glass if it wants to hold the champagne.
XX may use a chair if it wants to sit in.
XX may use a babies highchair if it wants to keep the baby safe.
XX may use a fuel if it wants to drive a car.
XX may use a heater if it wants to increase the air temperature.
XX may use a soap if it wants to clean your hands.
XX may use a phone book if it wants to check up an address and number.
XX may use bananas if it wants to feed a hungry person.
XX may use a wood chisel if it wants to carve wood.
XX may use an ac adapter if it wants to power an appliance.
XX may use an infant if it wants to become an adult.
XX may use a biscuit if it wants to eat with jelly.
XX may use an imac if it wants to listen to books.
XX may use an armchair if it wants to sit on.
XX may use earrings if it wants to decorate.
XX may use a lemon juice if it wants to make lemon pies.
XX may use a champagne flute if it wants to drink the champagne.
XX may use a blanket if it wants to warm up.
XX may use a task of finding file if it wants to find files.
XX may use a register if it wants to hold money.
XX may use a cooling system if it wants to cool your computer.
XX may use a bathroom if it wants to take a shower.
XX may use a match box if it wants to hold matches.
XX may use a computer monitor if it wants to view objects of your desire.
XX may use a pot if it wants to cook food in.
XX may use a lawn chair if it wants to provide a seat.
XX may use an operating system if it wants to operate a computer.
XX may use a noise if it wants to distract.
XX may use a whiteout bottle if it wants to drink water.
XX may use a needle-nose plyers if it wants to retrieve hard to get items.
XX may use a band aid if it wants to cover a wound.
XX may use bowels if it wants to store the excrement.
XX may use a puddle if it wants to splash in.
XX may use a plant pot if it wants to put flowers in.
XX may use a barbeque grill if it wants to make some food.
XX may use a trip guide if it wants to show the highlights.
XX may use slippers if it wants to keep your feet warm.
XX may use a table surface if it wants to eat off of.
XX may use a furnace if it wants to heat a home.
XX may use a shopping basket if it wants to hold items to be purchased.
XX may use a recharger if it wants to charge a device.
XX may use windows if it wants to keep rain and wind out.
XX may use a scented candle if it wants to light up.
XX may use a gloss if it wants to cover something.
XX may use a vacuum if it wants to clean the rug.
XX may use a wall mirror if it wants to look at oneself.
XX may use a wrist guard if it wants to prevent the injury.
XX may use a mask if it wants to wear.
XX may use a note dispenser if it wants to take messages.
XX may use a chair if it wants to sit one's body down.
XX may use a plastic crate if it wants to store objects for shipping.
XX may use a yearbook if it wants to show students.
XX may use scissors if it wants to cut the paper.
XX may use a clothes line if it wants to hang your clothes.
XX may use an air vent if it wants to circulate air in the home.
XX may use a portable vacuum if it wants to clean the dust.
XX may use a tea in  cup if it wants to serve tea.
XX may use a crib if it wants to hold a baby.
XX may use a paperclip holder if it wants to hold paper clips.
XX may use a hand towel if it wants to dry your hands.
XX may use a router if it wants to cut wood.
XX may use a washer if it wants to wash clothes.
XX may use a christmas tree if it wants to celebrate the spirit of christmas.
XX may use a pair of eyeglasses if it wants to focus light differently.
XX may use a pizza if it wants to eat.
XX may use a bagel if it wants to put cream cheese on and eat.
XX may use a dining table if it wants to eat upon.
XX may use screws if it wants to tighten objects.
XX may use a credit card holder if it wants to protect plastic.
XX may use a laptop if it wants to process information.
XX may use a rock if it wants to decorate plants indoors.
XX may use a music player if it wants to help pass the time a little quicker.
XX may use shirts if it wants to put on.
XX may use a jar of jam if it wants to spread on to